IETF | Meeting room request policy


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Meeting rooms policy The IAOC has adopted the following Meeting Room Policy regarding the use of the room, the approval process, and charges for the rooms and services based upon the category of the group requesting the room. In this section Hide in this section Meetings and events IETF 101 London Upcoming Meetings Past Meetings Interim Meetings Proceedings Important Dates for 2018 Register for the Next IETF Meeting Key Info Adopted by the IAOC on 13 May 2010 An IETF meeting requires nearly 4,000 square meters in meeting space for working group sessions, the NOC, terminal room, offices, storage and other specific uses. Occasionally not all of the space available is needed for every part of the meeting, or the IETF controls additional space. When there is available space, and space is available in non-meeting hours, the IETF desires to make it available in a manner that considers the work of the IETF, fairness, and its expenses. Organizations may also request meeting rooms from the venue. IETF contracts frequently require the venue to obtain the approval of the IETF before the request is granted. The IETF shall grant approval in those cases in accordance with this policy. Group Categories A. Working Groups, BOFs, and Community Work Groups There is no charge for the room for these groups. Charges may apply for third party provided audio visual equipment and services, phone services, and food and beverages. The approval of the IETF Chair or AD is required. The IETF Chair or AD will notify the Senior Meeting Planner of the approval. If space is available the Planner will accommodate the request. Working Groups have first priority for reservations made up to noon of the day before; thereafter, rooms will be assigned on a first come, first served basis. Community Work includes that of the IETF, IAB, IRTF, RSE, ISE, and IAOC (not in a priority order) B. Corporate Meetings, Industry Forums, Workshops, and Government The IETF will charge for the room. The approval of the IETF Chair or AD is required. The IETF Chair or AD will notify the Senior Meeting Planner of the approval. If space is available the Planner will accommodate the request. Audio visual and food and beverage are arranged through the hotel by the organization unless agreed otherwise with the Senior Meeting Planner; in which case arrangements shall be made through the IETF and charges from the provider shall apply. There will be no price markups. The Meeting Host, sponsors and the Internet Society have priority for room requests until two weeks prior to the meeting; thereafter space will be provided on a first come, first serve basis. There will be no grandfathering. Activities not aligned with the purposes of the IETF, including trade shows, are not permitted. C. Reciprocal Arrangements The IETF, on a space available basis, may provide rooms at no charge to other non-profit Internet organizations on a reciprocal basis for rooms received at their meeting events at no charge. The approval of the IETF Chair is required. If space is available the Planner will accommodate the request. Procedure Meeting space requests should be made as soon as they are known. To request space for Group B and C category meetings, as well as for a Community Work Group (from Category A) meeting, please complete the form found online here. For Working Group or BOF sessions, requests shall be sent to spacereq@ietf.org and must include organization name, date and time space required, number of people using the room, room layout requirement/desire, audio visual/phone/WebEx/food and beverage services (if any), and POC information. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback