IETF | Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 96 Berlin Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series Topic: Advancing Cybersecurity through NGP In this section Hide in this section IETF 96 Berlin Key Info The threats to our networks and ecosystems are continuously increasing in capability and frequency. Subjectivity in standards and protocol implementation are common attack methods and often quite difficult to prevent or detect. What can we do to both reduce these types of attacks yet build in future proof protections? Standards based upon “assumed trust” will need to transition to a model of “assumed harm”. How can we establish such a paradigm shift yet maintain performance, flexibly and interoperability? Logistics: Room: Potsdam I Thursday, July 21, 2016 Time: 13:00 – 13:45 Lunch will NOT be provided. Presenter: Kevin D. Walker Kevin D. Walker is the Security Chief Technology and Strategy Officer for Juniper’s Development and Innovation (JDI) organization. He is responsible for driving the security strategy. He provides the guidance required for JDI to conceive, develop and create momentum for industry-leading security solutions. Working closely with the Security Engineering team, Walker identifies the opportunities for improved security, growth, and innovation to deliver the scalable, reliable, and compliant security architecture needed in today’s security landscape. Before joining Juniper, Walker was VP and Assistant Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at Walmart.com. He has served as a Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), Chief Security Strategist and Director of Information Security across a number of notable companies including Intuit, Cisco, Symantec and VERITAS Software. With over twenty-five years in various computer science and information technology disciplines, focusing on enterprise applications, network design, and information security, Walker possesses research and engineering expertise across of range of technologies including networking protocols, securing applications at the atomic level, cryptography, and speech biometrics. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback