IETF | Code Sprint at IETF 91


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 91 Honolulu Code Sprint The IETF 91 Code Sprint in Honolulu will be working on several tools, with a focus on the new datatracker release. In this section Hide in this section IETF 91 Honolulu Remote Participation Tutorials Emergency Procedures Key Info The IETF 91 Code Sprint in Honolulu will be working on several tools, with a focus on the new datatracker release. The Sprint will be run according to the IETFSprintHowto. If you plan to participate, please sign up on the IETF91SprintSignUp page. This sprint will take place from 9:30 to 18:00 in meeting room South Pacific 1. The coding will end 18:00 on the dot, with dinner and follow-up afterwards. The meeting rooms map will help you find the way here: http://www.ietf.org/meeting/91/floor-plans.pdf We have the mailing list "codesprints@ietf.org" to help with coordination and for use during the event. Please make sure you're subscribed before the event starts. More info on the list is available at https://www.ietf.org/mailman/listinfo/codesprints. There is also a jabber room at codesprint@jabber.ietf.org. For information on setting up your environment, code checkout and commit, etc., see the SprintCoderSetup and SprintDatabase pages. During the sprint, please update the two tables below; this helps both with coordination and with getting the code merged, released, and deployed :-) See you in Honolulu! This sprint's plan Address whatever is bothering you the most Fix as many of the issues captured at EnhancementIdeas as we can. Please consider the higher priority items first. If you're looking for a short task, look for rows marked easy . If there's something you hope the sprint will address that's not on that list, please enter it as a new ticket using http://tools.ietf.org/tools/ietfdb/newticket Who's working on what? Please fill in the following table when you've picked a task for the sprint. It's quite all right to pick and complete multiple tasks :-) Who Short Description Related ticket numbers Suresh Annotation tag Handling #1295 Dapeng Make IPR search tool shows IRTF RGs #1355 Suresh IESG Agenda management issues #1374 Tim Make it possible to change the Title of a charter document #1334 Huiadd/remove to list displayed in wg document page #850 DapengSend out new-draft notification to RGs#956 Suresh Personnel change notification to IESG secretary #1357 Suresh Delegate change handling #1310 Completed code ready for merge and release When you are ready to commit code which is ready form merge and release, please use the phrase Commit ready for merge in your commit message, if all related changes are contained in one commit, or Branch ready for merge if all your commits to your branch, up to the current, should be merged as one unit. This is described more extensively in CodeRepository#Requestingamergetotrunk For sprint work on other things than the datatracker, please fill in the following table: Who Notes Wishlist (for this sprint or future sprints) See (and add to) the list started at EnhancementIdeas -- current method of adding items is to open a new trac ticket. If you have time to take on larger tasks between sprints, look through the full set of open tickets at http://wiki.tools.ietf.org/tools/ietfdb/report/13 for those not marked sprint. Special notes for setup for _this_ sprint Prerequisites A working knowledge of python and/or web design Learn the basic concepts of Django 1.6, e.g., work through the excellent tutorial. Bring a laptop with Python 2.7, Subversion and (optionally) Mysql (4.x is ok, 5.x is better) installed, and be ready to check out a branch of the IETF web site from the tools svn server. (Some hints on preparing mac laptops are at MacSetup, hints for Debian 1.7 at DebianWheezySetup) Download in other formats: Plain Text RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback