IETF | IETF Groupchat/Chatroom Service


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 97 Seoul IETF Groupchat/Chatroom Service Seoul, South Korea - November 12-18 In this section Hide in this section IETF 97 Seoul Key Info IETF Groupchat/Chatroom Service The IETF Groupchat Service uses an extension to the IETF's Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) as defined in RFC 6120. The IETF provides Jabber/XMPP groupchat services for use by the various working groups, areas, and BOF sessions during meetings and at other times. Jabber Services are always available, except during brief maintenance periods. A number of IETF Chatrooms exist, each one serves a specific purpose. The ID of each room is "roomname@jabber.ietf.org" (see the logs page for representative examples). For general chat and nonspecific conversations, connect to hallway@jabber.ietf.org. Hallway is the default social chatroom for the IETF. Accessing the Service In order to access the IETF Groupchat Service, you will need an XMPP account, which can be obtained from a number of public servers or from a private or corporate server you may have access to. The IETF does not provide public XMPP accounts. In addition, you will need an XMPP-compatible instant messaging client running on your computer or workstation, or you will need to access a web client offered by various service providers. Consult your client documentation for information on connecting to a groupchat room. The secretariat cannot provide help with the use of particular instant messaging clients, or the configuration of those clients. They do provide support for the resolution of problems with the groupchat service, and can be reached via email at: ietf-action@ietf.org. Chatroom Logs All conversations which take place in IETF Chatrooms are logged, and those logs are publicly and permanently available on this website, here. Everything said becomes part of the public record. Chatroom Support The IETF Jabber Groupchat server is hosted by the IETF Secretariat, Association Management Solutions, in Fremont, California. The secretariat cannot provide help with the use of particular Jabber Clients, or the configuration of those clients. They do provide support for the resolution of problems with the Jabber Server, and can be reached at: ietf-action@ietf.org. Note Well Any submission to the IETF intended by the Contributor for publication as all or part of an IETF Internet-Draft or RFC and any statement made within the context of an IETF activity is considered an "IETF Contribution". Such statements include oral statements in IETF sessions, as well as written and electronic communications made at any time or place, which are addressed to: The IETF plenary session The IESG, or any member thereof on behalf of the IESG Any IETF mailing list, including the IETF list itself, any working group or design team list, or any other list functioning under IETF auspices Any IETF working group or portion thereof Any Birds of a Feather (BOF) session The IAB or any member thereof on behalf of the IAB The RFC Editor or the Internet-Drafts function All IETF Contributions are subject to the rules of RFC 5378 and RFC 3979 (updated by RFC 4879). Statements made outside of an IETF session, mailing list or other function, that are clearly not intended to be input to an IETF activity, group or function, are not IETF Contributions in the context of this notice. Please consult RFC 5378 and RFC 3979 for details. A participant in any IETF activity is deemed to accept all IETF rules of process, as documented in Best Current Practices RFCs and IESG Statements. A participant in any IETF activity acknowledges that written, audio and video records of meetings may be made and may be available to the public.\x0b RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback