IETF | IETF 98 Remote Participation Info


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 98 Chicago IETF 98 Remote Participation Info The IETF continues to look for ways to improve the remote participant experience. In this section Hide in this section IETF 98 Chicago In depth Registration If you know you will be unable to travel to the meeting and would like to participate remotely, we encourage you to register as a remote participant. Registration is optional and there is currently no fee to be a remote participant at an IETF meeting. The IETF attempts to provide a worthwhile experience for remote attendees. As such, there are a number of different ways to experience an IETF meeting even if you cannot be in the room itself. Home About the IETF Mission Standards Process Note Well NomCom Blog Info for Newcomers Internet-Drafts Datatracker Search Submit RFC Pages Search RFC Ed Index RFC Editor Queue IANA Pages Protocol Parameters IANA Transition Working Groups WG Charters Email Lists WG Chairs' Page Resources Community Tools Tools Team Pages Edu Team Pages Mentoring Program Tutorials Wikis Meetings Upcoming Meetings Past Meetings Interim Meetings Important Dates Proceedings Mailing Lists Announcement Lists Discussion Lists Non-WG Lists IESG Announcements Statements Members Minutes IPR IPR Policy File a Disclosure Disclosure Search Liaisons Liaison Statements Liaison Managers Contact IETF Secretariat Ombudsteam Media Subpoenas Report Web Site Errors Customize View Brief Normal Extended Advanced (Requires Javascript) Remote Participation at IETF 98 The IETF continues to look for ways to improve the remote participant experience. Registration If you know you will be unable to travel to the meeting and would like to participate remotely, we encourage you to register as a remote participant. Registration is optional and there is currently no fee to be a remote participant at an IETF meeting. The IETF attempts to provide a worthwhile experience for remote attendees. As such, there are a number of different ways to experience an IETF meeting even if you cannot be in the room itself. Audio Streaming Jabber/XMPP Groupchat Mailing Lists Meetecho Audio Yes No No Yes Video No No No Yes Archives/Logs/Recordings available Yes Yes Yes Yes Enables interaction between local and remote participants No Yes Yes Yes Meeting Agenda The official meeting agenda will be available at: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/98/agenda.html. You can access session materials (agendas, presentations, etc.) from the online agenda. In addition, you can use the agenda to join the session audio stream, video (Meetecho) and jabber room. Audio Streaming The IETF provides audio streaming for each breakout and plenary session. Please note that the audio stream is often shut down between sessions, so if you join early, you may hear silence. You can access the audio streams from within the official meeting agenda. After the meeting, audio recordings can also accessed from within the agenda. Meetecho (Video) Meetecho offers a synchronized view of the official Jabber room, the current slides being presented, a shared note taking editor, and an audio/video stream from the room. All sessions (including tutorials) will be supported by Meetecho at IETF 98. Meetecho can also support remote presentations, although that must be arranged in advance by filling out this form. For additional informaiton about Meetecho, please see the Meetecho @ IETF98 page. Jabber/XMPP Groupchat Each Working Group/BOF session has an associated chatroom that is open during the meeting. The session scribe will type a running commentary as to what is going on in the room. During question time, remote participants can type questions into the chatroom and the scribe will pass the question along to the speaker. Generally speaking, the chatroom name is the working group acronym@jabber.ietf.org, e.g. alto@jabber.ietf.org. Plenary sessions use the chatroom plenary@jabber.ietf.org. For general chat and nonspecific conversations, connect to hallway@jabber.ietf.org; this is the default social chatroom for the IETF. Links to the Jabber rooms for specific sessions can be accessed from the official meeting agenda. IETF Jabber Services Main Page Jabber Logs Mailing Lists Each IETF meeting has an attendee discussion list where attendees can connect with each other regarding issues related to the meeting. Attendees are given the opportunity to subscribe to this mailing list when they register for the meeting. In addition, there are a number of social email lists for more specific topics. For information about subscribing to the current meeting email lists, please see http://www.ietf.org/meeting/email-list.html. Home - Tools Team - Datatracker - IASA - IAB - RFC Editor - IANA - IRTF - IETF Trust - ISOC - IETF Journal - Store - Contact Us - Report a Copyright Infringement Secretariat services provided by Association Management Solutions, LLC (AMS). Please send problem reports to: ietf-action@ietf.org. Meeting Agenda The official meeting agenda will be available at: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/98/agenda.html. You can access session materials (agendas, presentations, etc.) from the online agenda. In addition, you can use the agenda to join the session audio stream, video (Meetecho) and jabber room. Audio Streaming The IETF provides audio streaming for each breakout and plenary session. Please note that the audio stream is often shut down between sessions, so if you join early, you may hear silence. You can access the audio streams from within the official meeting agenda. After the meeting, audio recordings can also accessed from within the agenda. Meetecho (Video) Meetecho offers a synchronized view of the official Jabber room, the current slides being presented, a shared note taking editor, and an audio/video stream from the room. All sessions (including tutorials) will be supported by Meetecho at IETF 98. Meetecho can also support remote presentations, although that must be arranged in advance by filling out this form. For additional informaiton about Meetecho, please see the Meetecho @ IETF98 page. Jabber/XMPP Groupchat Each Working Group/BOF session has an associated chatroom that is open during the meeting. The session scribe will type a running commentary as to what is going on in the room. During question time, remote participants can type questions into the chatroom and the scribe will pass the question along to the speaker. Generally speaking, the chatroom name is the working group acronym@jabber.ietf.org, e.g. alto@jabber.ietf.org. Plenary sessions use the chatroom plenary@jabber.ietf.org. For general chat and nonspecific conversations, connect to hallway@jabber.ietf.org; this is the default social chatroom for the IETF. Links to the Jabber rooms for specific sessions can be accessed from the official meeting agenda. IETF Jabber Services Main Page Jabber Logs Mailing Lists Each IETF meeting has an attendee discussion list where attendees can connect with each other regarding issues related to the meeting. Attendees are given the opportunity to subscribe to this mailing list when they register for the meeting. In addition, there are a number of social email lists for more specific topics. For information about subscribing to the current meeting email lists, please see http://www.ietf.org/meeting/email-list.html. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback