IETF | IETF Hackathon in Seoul


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Running code IETF Hackathons IETF Hackathon Seoul IETF 97 takes place November 13-19, in Seoul, South Korea In this section Hide in this section IETF Hackathons IETF Hackathon Prague IETF Hackathon Singapore IETF Hackathon London IETF Hackathon Seoul IETF Hackathon Berlin IETF Hackathon Prague Key Info The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) is holding a Hackathon to encourage developers to discuss, collaborate and develop utilities, ideas, sample code and solutions that show practical implementations of IETF standards. Sponsorship, Co-Chair and Prizes provided by: Infrastructure and Co-Chair provided by: Additional infrastructure and support provided by: When: Saturday November 12 and Sunday November 13 Where: Conrad Seoul, room TBD Signup for the Hackathon - HERE! View the list of Hackathon Attendees - HERE! Keep up to date by subscribing to https://www.ietf.org/mailman/listinfo/hackathon The Hackathon is free to attend and open to the public. Hackathon Co-Chairs: Barry Leiba, Huawei Charles Eckel, Cisco Technologies and Champions Champions are individuals familiar with a given technology who have volunteered to help get others get up and running with that technology. Champions should: Before the Hackathon: Update wiki with details about their project Share ideas and any preparation materials or requirements with potential attendees via the hackathon list Recruit participants from associated working groups, open source projects, etc. At the Hackathon: Create and display a poster that introduces their technology and makes them easy to find Make themselves available to answer questions and help others Hack on things themselves in their copious free time Additional champions for new or existing technologies are welcome at any time, send tohackathon@ietf.org Technologies from past hackathon include DNS, HTTP 2.0, NETVC, OpenDaylight, ONOS, VPP/FD.io, RiOT, SFC, TLS 1.3, WebRTC, YANG/NETCONF/RESTCONF. Details on all planned technologies will be listed on the IETF 97 Meeting Wiki (https://www.ietf.org/registration/MeetingWiki/wiki/97hackathon) Don’t see anything that interests you? Then add your preferred technology to the list, sign up as its champion and show up to work on it. Note: you must login to the wiki to add content. If you do add a new technology, we strongly suggest that you send email to the hackathon@ietf.org to let others know. You may generate interest in your technology, and find other people who want to contribute to it. To request a wiki account, please click on the “login” button on the bottom right corner of the page, and choose “register.” If you need a new password please click on the “login” button on the bottom right corner of the page and choose “Send new password.” Read what happened at the Hackathon in Berlin RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback