IETF | IETF 98 - Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 98 Chicago IETF 98 - Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series Topic: The Real Deal on Cellular Security In this section Hide in this section IETF 98 Chicago In depth This talk will describe how cellular security has evolved in earlier generations as well as the industry's vision for security and privacy in 5G. 2G systems were among the first global mass-market products using cryptography in a time where only secret algorithms could be used. Much has happened since, and all algorithms and protocols are now public. The goal of the talk is to dispel myths, describe the current situation in 4G, and how 5G will improve security and privacy while at the same time increase flexibility and enable IoT use cases. Logistics: Room: Zurich E/F Thursday, March 30, 2017 Time: 12:00 – 12:45 Lunch will NOT be provided. Presenter: John Mattsson, Senior Specialist Ericsson Security Research John Mattsson is a Senior Specialist at Ericsson Security Research with a focus on Security Protocols, Cryptography, and IoT. John has been active in 3GPP and the IETF on a large number of topics and is now coordinating Ericsson's security related activities in the IETF. He holds a M.Sc. in Engineering Physics from KTH (Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden) and a M.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics from Stockholm University. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback