IETF | Updating Working Group Milestones


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Working Group chair resources Updating working group milestones This page provides a guide about how to update working group milestones. In this section Hide in this section Working Group chair resources Updating working group milestones Info for chairing WG & BOF sessions Datatracker Sandbox WebEx for Working Groups Document Writeup Styles Formatting and Content of IETF Working Group Agendas and Minutes Meeting Materials Requesting sessions Key Info Milestones for a working group should be edited via the IETF Datatracker. On the working group charter page, please click on the "Edit Milestones" button at the top of the page. On the resulting page is a list of the current active milestones for the working group. To make any changes to exsisting milestones, you must expand the milestone to show all choices. Clicking on the milestone expands the action choices. To mark a milestone as "DONE," put a check mark in the "Resolved" box. This action does not require Area Director approval. To change the date a milestone is due, click on the due date and use the pop up to change the year and month the milestone is due. This action does not require AD approval. To add a new milestone to the list, click on the "Add extra milestone for Area Director review" button and fill in the information as necessary. This action requires AD approval. Once you have changed/added the milestones, click on the blue "Review changes" button. This will take you to a page where you can see all of your changes/additions before they are accepted. If the milestones are correct, click on the blue "Save" button. Note the "Awaiting accept" flag next to the new milestone. This means on clicking the "Save" button, email will be sent to the Area Director from the datatracker to alert them there are milestone changes they need to approve. Once the Area Director has approved the new milestones, they will appear on the charter page. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback