IETF | Things To Note


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 91 Honolulu Things To Note Miscellaneous Information Worth Noting In this section Hide in this section IETF 91 Honolulu Remote Participation Tutorials Emergency Procedures Key Info Honolulu, HI, USA November 9 - 14, 2014 General Hotel Safety Tips Hotel Resort Activities Meeting Wiki Restaurants 1. General Hotel Safety Tips Watch your luggage when checking in and out of your hotel. Make sure no one hears your name and room number while at the front desk. Find out your hotel's policy on key control and the room cleaning schedules. Call the desk to verify the identity of room service, repair persons, etc., especially if you did not call for them. Know what the hotel identification badge looks like. Deposit your valuables in the hotel safe and keep an inventory of what was deposited; never leave cash or other valuables in your room. Lock your luggage when it is left in the room. Know how to double lock your room door. Use the door viewer to identify anyone requesting entry to your room; report any suspicious activity to hotel staff. Keep the key with you at all times; never leave it at the front desk. Never leave a key in your room. Familiarize yourself with the fire exit routes posted in your room. 2. Hotel Resort Activities The Hilton Hawaiian Village offers a variety of activities including yoga, hula lessons, and more! The IETF has arranged for a reduced resort fee that attendees within the IETF block can opt into for $15 per day. To opt into this opportunity please go to the front desk of the Hilton Hawaiian Village. For a complete list of benefits see http://www.hiltonhawaiianvillage.com/resort-charge! The IETF has arranged for health club access to be included in the guest rate. Use your hotel room key to enter the health club! 3. Meeting Wiki The IETF 91 meeting wiki (Your Wiki) has been created for the attendees of IETF 91 meeting to exchange information. Your IETF 91 (Honolulu) wiki can be found here: http://www.ietf.org/registration/MeetingWiki/wiki/ietf91 and is also accessible from http://www.ietf.org/meeting/91/index.html. If you are registered for IETF 91, a user account has been automatically created for you on this Wiki. Your user name is the email address you registered under, and your initial password is your 10 digit confirmation number. You can change your password in your profile settings. 4. Restaurants Note: There is no traditional room service at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. You may order delivery to your room from Fresh Connection located in the Ali'i Tower, or use the grab-n-go options Pronto Pickle in the Ali'i Tower, and Pronto Pickle II located at the Paradise Pool. For a map of restaurants in the area of the hotel, please see this map. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback