IETF | IETF 94 Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 94 Yokohama Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series Japan hosted both the W3C and the IETF in adjacent weeks this month (November 2015). In this section Hide in this section IETF 94 Yokohama Key Info Topic: Japan x Internet The decision to host both meetings was made as a part of a strategy to work in new ways on the development of the Internet, because we are all facing a completely new set of Internet usage and requirements. Mr. Murai will provide an overview of what Japan has done and is continuing to do for the Internet, and will also discuss emerging Internet requirements and some of the issues and challenges that must be faced. Specific discussion topics include the following: an architecture of the Internet, IoT, Big Data and A.I., and video streams on the Internet. In addition, Mr. Murai will also provide his views on the very rapid extension of new areas of applications of the Internet. Finally, Mr. Murai will provide some information on the new transpacific 100G cable, and will lead a discussion of the role of the National Research and Education network (NREN) in the future. Logistics: Room: 304 502 (overflow seating in 501) Thursday, November 5, 2015 Time: 12:00 – 12:45 Lunch will NOT be provided. Biography of speaker: Jun Murai Dr. Jun Murai is known as the 'father of the Internet in Japan,' and outside of Japan has also been called the 'Internet samurai.' In 1984 he developed the Japan University UNIX Network (JUNET), the first-ever inter-university network in that nation. In 1988, he founded the Widely Integrated Distributed Environment Project, a Japanese Internet research consortium, for which he continues to serve as a board member. He is a professor and dean of the Faculty of Environment and Information Studies at Keio University, from which he earned his PhD in computer science in 1987. He served as President of the Japan Network Information Center (JPNIC) and as Vice President of the Japanese Internet Association. He served on the Internet Society's Board of Trustees from 1997 to 2000. In 1998, he was appointed as one of nine initial directors of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers and served until June 2003. He won the 2005 Internet Society's Jonathan B. Postel Service Award in recognition of his vision and pioneering work that helped spread the Internet across the Asia Pacific region. He was honored with the 2011 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Internet Award. IETF 94 Attendee List Get great tips about the meeting and participate in the ongoing conversation among IETF 87 participants Subscribe here RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback