IETF | Social Event


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 91 Honolulu Social Event Social Event on the Great Lawn of the Hilton Hawaiian Village In this section Hide in this section IETF 91 Honolulu Remote Participation Tutorials Emergency Procedures Key Info Hosted by: Cisco Location: Great Lawn of the Hilton Hawaiian Village (Back-up location TBA in case of inclement weather) Date: Tuesday, 11 November, 2014 Time: 18:00 to 22:00 Luau at The Hilton Hawaiian Village Great Lawn Before contact with the western world, Hawaiians called their important feasts an 'aha'aina (‘aha – gathering and ‘aina – meal). These feasts marked special occasions — such as reaching a significant life milestone, victory at war, the launching of a new canoe or a great endeavor. Certain foods represented virtues but were traditionally only available to men. In 1819, King Kamehameha II ended this practice and feasted with women to signify major societal changes. Shortly after, the term luau replaced 'aha'aina. Guests will experience this magical festival of the senses on the Great Lawn of the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Start with pupus and cocktails overlooking the lagoon followed by a seated family-style dinner highlighting island cuisine. To end the night, guests are treated to a captivating one hour performance that travels through the vibrant cultures of the Polynesian Islands. Timeline: 6:00 PM Guests arrive at the Great Lawn, bars open, Hawaiian Trio begins 6:45 PM Guests invited to sit for dinner 7:00 PM Family-style Dinner served 8:00 PM Polynesian Show begins 9:00 PM Polynesian Show ends 9:30 PM Music ends 10:00 PM Event ends Cost: Tickets are $50 for the first ticket, and $100 for an additional ticket. Ticket price does not reflect the true event cost: Cisco is generously subsidizing the cost of tickets for both attendees and their guests. Availability: 500 Limit: 2 tickets — one per attendee, plus one guest. Food and beverage: Enjoy a family style dinner in the island tradition along with soft drinks and alcoholic beverages. To view the menu for the social event, click HERE. To purchase a ticket to the IETF 91 social event CLICK HERE, or purchase on-site at the IETF registration desk, subject to availability. Note: You must first register for IETF 91 to purchase a social ticket. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback