IETF | IETF 101 Letters of Invitation


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events IETF 101 London IETF 101 Letters of Invitation London, UK In this section Hide in this section IETF 101 London Remote Participation IETF 101 Social Event Emergency Procedures Key Info Google, one of the co-hosts for IETF 101, has generously agreed to provide letters of invitation (LOIs) to attendees applying for a visa. Google has an in-house process for requesting a LOI, and anyone requiring either a soft or hard copy LOI will need to complete an online Google form. If you are not able to fill out a google form, please fill out the form here. Form Instructions Host Information Full Name of Host at Google: Carly Tonkin Email Address of Host at Google: ctonkin @ google.com Contact number of Host at Google: +447768508165 Please allow at least 5 business days for your LOI request to be processed and please do not reach out to Carly directly unless absolutely necessary. Please contact the Secretariat at registrar@ietf.org for any LOI-related questions first. Conference Information What city are you visiting for the conference? London What country are you visiting: Select United Kingdom from the drop down menu What is the name of the event or conference you are visiting? IETF 101 Where is the conference or event taking place? London Hilton Metropole What is the address of the event location? 225 Edgware Rd, London W2 1JU, UK What portion of the costs of this visit are you responsible for? Choices are "none", "some" and "all". Select 'all.' Personal Information Complete the fields with your personal details (e.g. name, passport number, etc.) Visa Information Complete the fields with details about your dates of travel, embassy information, etc. Note that, while hard copy LOIs are an option, electronic copies will be sufficient for almost all visa applicants. Please only request a hard copy LOI if you are sure it's required by your embassy. For "Type of Visa" please select "single entry." Finally, when you have completed all fields, please hit the blue "Submit" button at the bottom of the page. Information entered into the Google form is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which is available here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback