IETF | IETF Ombudsteam


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Contact Ombudsteam The IETF Ombudsteam allows you to confidentially report and raise concerns about harassment and other conduct within the IETF. In this section Hide in this section Contact Report a Copyright Infringement Contact the IETF Secretariat Ombudsteam Website feedback Key Info IETF meetings, virtual meetings, and mailing lists are intended for professional collaboration and networking. The IETF strives to create and maintain an environment in which people of many different backgrounds are treated with dignity, decency, and respect. Those who participate in the IETF are expected to behave according to professional standards and demonstrate appropriate workplace behaviour, and must not engage in harassment. For more information, please see the IESG Anti Harassment Policy and BCP 25/ RFC 7776 on IETF Anti-Harassment Procedures*. If you believe you have been harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, you are encouraged to raise your concern in confidence with one of the Ombudspersons at ombudsteam at ietf.org. The current persons in this team are: Allison Mankin (allison.mankin at gmail.com) Linda Klieforth Linda Klieforth (klieforth.ietf at gmail.com) Pete Resnick Pete Resnick (resnick at episteme.net) Please use the above email addresses for initial contact only for now. We expect to update this page soon with information about how to reach the team with confidential email. *) If your organisation outside the IETF is interested in implementing similar anti-harassment procedures, the authors of the RFC have made a CC0-copyrighted version available at http://www.olddog.co.uk/anti-harassment-process.htm. Bibliography [1] RFC 7776 IETF Anti-Harassment Procedures IETF Participants must not engage in harassment while at IETF meetings, virtual meetings, or social events or while participating in mailing lists. This document lays out procedures for managing and enforcing this policy. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback