IETF | How we work


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work The IETF community works mostly online, guided by the informal principle: "we believe in rough consensus and running code". The IETF's mission is to make the Internet work better by producing high quality, relevant technical documents that influence the way people design, use, and manage the Internet. IETF standards are built on the combined engineering judgement of participants, including individuals from academia and network operators, router vendors and open source projects. Success is measured by the extent that the protocols and practices developed in the IETF is used to make the Internet work better. Working groups Working Groups (WGs) are the primary mechanism for development of IETF specifications and guidelines, many of which are intended to be standards or recommendations. Email lists This page describes many of the IETF email lists, where most of the daily work of the IETF is conducted. Meetings and events While most IETF work takes place online, including on email lists, meetings and other events such as Hackathons provide in-person opportunities to advance work. Running code An unofficial motto of the IETF is, "We believe in rough consensus and running code." Implementation experience provides critical feedback to the standardization process. Online tools The IETF community works mostly online, and creates many of the tools used to develop standards documents and support IETF processes. Community discussions The IETF community often has discussions about topics that are of interest to the broader IETF community. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback