IETF | Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 91 Honolulu Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series This talk will be about the relationship between Open Standards and Open Source. In this section Hide in this section IETF 91 Honolulu Remote Participation Tutorials Emergency Procedures Key Info Logistics: Room: Coral 4 Thursday, 13 November 2014 Time: 12:00 – 12:45 Lunch will NOT be provided. Note: Grab-n-Go lunch is available for purchase at the Pronto Pickle located at the Ali'i Tower, Pronto Pickle II located at the Paradise Pool, and Fresh Connection located at the Ali'i Tower. Topic: Open Standards, Open Source, Open Loop Link to Slides Link to Video Recording (Note: you must use Google Chrome, Firefox or Opera browser to view; the recording does not work with Internet Explorer or Safari) Abstract: This talk will be about the relationship between Open Standards and Open Source. As more and more functionality is being placed into Open Source without standardization, how should SDOs interact with developers and deployers of Open Source? There are claims that Open Source defines the industries "de facto Standards." Where could we go from here? Biography of speaker: Dave Ward, Senior Vice President, Chief Architect & CTO - Engineering Dave Ward is Chief Architect at Cisco Systems, responsible for architectural governance, defining strategy, development of new technology and leading use-inspired research. Working via tight partnerships with customers, partners, developers and academia he is also leading co-development and co-innovation initiatives. He has been the Routing Area Director at the IETF and chair of four Working Groups: IS-IS, HIP, BFD and Softwires, and worked with the ITU-T, ONF and several Open Source Consortium. Dave was also a Juniper Fellow and Chief Architect working on the operating system and next-generation routing systems. Dave has a small vineyard in the Santa Cruz Mountains, and an heirloom tomato farm along the St. Croix River in Somerset, Wisconsin. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback