IETF | IETF 92 Social Event


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 92 Dallas Social Event Recently ranked in The Dallas Morning News: Guide "Top 10 Jaunts of 2013," a visit to the Reunion Tower isn’t just about seeing what’s below from hundreds of feet in the air. In this section Hide in this section IETF 92 Dallas Key Info It’s about expanding your horizons. The GeO-Deck has something for everyone – the foodies, the fashionistas, adventure seekers or sightseers. Think you’ve seen it all? Experience the interactive Halo today, and change your view forever. Location: Reunion Tower 300 Reunion Blvd E Dallas, TX 75207 Date: Tuesday, 24 March, 2015 Time: Doors open at 18:30, event ends at 22:00 Hosted by: GeO-Deck From 470 feet up, featuring breathtaking 360 degree panoramic views, you’ll experience high-definition zoom cameras, interactive touch screens, telescopes, photo ops and an indoor/outdoor observation deck that lets you see for miles in any direction. Day or night. Walk outside and enjoy the beautiful Texas weather from 470 feet in the air while you walk around the perimeter of the tower in open air. Five Sixty by Wolfgang Puck Dallas’ horizon brightens with Five Sixty atop Reunion Tower. The skyline’s 560-foot landmark houses the master chef’s first fine dining restaurant in the city. Attendees will enjoy culinary delicacies by Wolfgang Puck catering. Options for those with dietary restrictions will be available. Getting there: DART's Red Line, Blue Line and the Trinity Railway Express from Fort Worth all stop at Union Station, accessible to Reunion Tower and the GeO-Deck via an underground pedestrian walkway. Check the DART website for the most current rail and bus route information. From Fairmont: Walk to Akard Station (N. Akard St. and Pacific Avenue); take Red/Blue line train to Union Station. Cost: Tickets are $25 per ticket Availability: 500 To purchase a ticket to the IETF 92 social event CLICK HERE, or purchase on-site at the IETF registration desk, subject to availability. Note: You must first register for IETF 92 to purchase a social ticket. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback