IETF | Internet-Draft signatures


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Internet standards Internet-Drafts Internet-Draft signatures Signing submitted Internet Drafts ensures their authenticity, and that they were received via the IETF submission process. In this section Hide in this section Internet-Drafts Guidelines to Authors of Internet-Drafts Checklist for Internet-Drafts (IDs) submitted for RFC publication Internet-Draft signatures Key Info The IETF digitally signs all submitted Internet-Drafts to mark these specific drafts as being authentic, and being received by the IETF through the normal Internet-Draft Submission Process. These digital signatures are available for public verification use as described below. The IETF expresses its heartfelt thanks to Comodo for their generous, ongoing donation of the certificates used by the IETF in its generation of Internet-Draft signatures. Tools Needed for Verification of Internet-Draft Signatures Three things are needed in order to configure your system to verify Internet-Draft signatures. OpenSSL version 1.0.2 (22 Jan 2015) or later. The IETF open-source canonicalization program, canon.c. The new IETF/Comodo Verification Certificate Bundle. OpenSSL provides the engine used for both the generation and verification of digital signatures. Installation instructions for OpenSSL are included in the source distribution. On Unix-based systems, a simple three-step process (config; make; make install) generally results in a successful installation of OpenSSL into /usr/local/ssl on the target system. Most Unix-based systems also offer prebuilt deployments of OpenSSL. Consult your distribution manager for details and installation instructions. The IETF Canonicalization program, canon.c, converts plain text Internet-Drafts into their canonical format. This tool is only needed when verifying a plain text Internet-Draft. Depending on the manner used to download the Internet-Draft and the operating system that was used, the file may contain various line-endings (CR only, LF only, CRLF). As a result, RFC5485 stipulates that signatures for plain text Internet-Drafts will be generated against the Canonical Form (see sections 2.1 and 2.2 of RFC 5485 for details.) The IETF's Canonicalization program will convert plain text Internet-Drafts to canonical form, which form can then be used for verification. On Unix-based systems, a single command ([g]cc -o canon canon.c) will compile canon.c and generate a local binary, "canon", which can be used in the verification process. Finally, as of March, 2015, the new IETF/Comodo Verification Certificate Bundle contains the necessary trust anchor certificates needed by OpenSSL in order to verify digital signatures generated by the IETF. Locating Digital Signatures The digital signature is stored in a file with the same name as the Internet-Draft followed by a .p7s file extension. For example: Internet-Draft: draft-ietf-example-widgets-03.txt Signature File: draft-ietf-example-widgets-03.txt.p7s Internet-Draft: draft-ietf-example-widgets-03.ps Signature File: draft-ietf-example-widgets-03.ps.p7s Internet-Draft: draft-housley-internet-draft-sig-file-00.txt Signature File: draft-housley-internet-draft-sig-file-00.txt.p7s Once you have the necessary tools installed, and have a draft and associated signature, you are prepared to verify the signature. Verifiying an Internet-Draft Signature Step 1: For plain-text Internet-Drafts only, convert the Internet-Draft to canonical form: canon <draft-filename>.txt <draft-canonical-filename>.txt This step is only necessary for plain text Internet-Drafts. Use the canonical file when performing verification. Step 2 - Use OpenSSL to verify the draft signature: openssl cms -verify -CAfile verifybundle.pem -content <id-file-name> -inform DER /
-in <sig-file-name> -out /dev/null OpenSSL will generally respond with "OK" if verification succeeds. Any other output from OpenSSL will include diagnostic error messages explaining why a failure occurred. Additional Tools and Resources Here are some additional tools and resources that will aid users working with Internet-Draft signatures: The manual page for the IETF canon.c program is available in nroff (canon.1) and text (canon.1.txt) forms An Internet-Draft signature check bash script, idsigcheck, which automates the verification process, along with its manual page in nroff (idsigcheck.1) and text (idsigcheck.1.txt) forms. Bibliography [1] RFC 5485 Digital Signatures on Internet-Draft Documents This document specifies the conventions for digital signatures on Internet-Drafts. The Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS) is used to create a detached signature, which is stored in a separate companion file so that no existing utilities are impacted by the addition of the digital signature. Thi... Russ Housley RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback