IETF | Online tools


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Online tools The IETF community works mostly online, and creates many of the tools used to develop standards documents and support IETF processes. In this section Hide in this section How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Key Info Most IETF Community Tools are available to all IETF participants and do not require an account (i.e., a user ID and password) to gain access. However, some requests that are made with the tools, including those that result in updates to IETF databases or Web pages, are moderated by the Secretariat prior to being processed, or require the approval of an IETF Area Director, the IETF Chair, or the IAB Chair. In cases where approval is required, the tools provide a mechanism for requesting and obtaining it. Some IETF Community tools are intended for members of the IETF community with specific responsibilities. These tools require an account (i.e., a user ID and password) to gain access. Please Note: The Secretariat makes every effort to keep its Web tools in continuous operation 24 hours a day, seven days a week. However, technical support is only available during normal business hours: 08:00 to 17:00 PT Monday through Friday. Internet-Drafts Tools IETF Datatracker: This tool provides detailed information about all Internet-Drafts that are stored in the Internet-Drafts database. Users can display Internet-Drafts by category (e.g., "All," "Active," "Published," or "Expired/Withdrawn/Replaced"), sorted either by submission date or filename, view Internet-Drafts that are products of an IETF working group, an independent submitter, or another IETF or IETF-related entity, or search for Internet-Drafts based on one or more search parameters. In addition to information such as "Intended Status" and "I-D Tracker State," the tool provides AD ballot positions and comments on the documents, where available. I-D Submission Tool: The I-D Submission Tool is a Web-based application that will allow an IETF participant to submit an Internet-Draft online, obtain approval to post the draft (if necessary), and make the draft immediately available to the community on the IETF web site without the assistance of the Secretariat (in most cases). IESG I-D Tracker: An account is required to access this tool. This Web tool supports the IESG as it evaluates Internet-Drafts that have been submitted for publication as RFCs. Each Internet-Draft is assigned to a "shepherding" Area Director, who uses the tool to perform tasks such as requesting a "Last Call," preparing the ballot write-up, forwarding the document to the IESG for evaluation, placing it on the agenda for an upcoming IESG teleconference, preparing RFC Editor notes, and so forth. Once an Internet-Draft has been added to the tracker, the "shepherding" AD as well as the other Area Directors can use the tool to record comments on the document via a web page provided for that purpose. The tool also features a web-based balloting interface where the Area Directors can mark their positions with respect to publishing the document, and record ballot-specific comments and discuss text. The ballot positions and most of the comments about an Internet-Draft that the Area Directors record in the IESG I-D Tracker are available to the community through the IETF Datatracker. Internet-Draft Initial Version Approval Tracker: An account is required to access this tool. This tool provides a web interface where working group chairs can approve or pre-approve the posting of version -00 working group Internet-Drafts. IDNits: This tool check Internet Drafts for submission nits. Use idnits to check that your Draft has the desired formatting, boilerplate, references consistency and more. RFCdiff: This tool allows you to compare two Internet Drafts or RFCs for differences and modifications. YANG Model Validation Tool: This tool will help fetch and validate your YANG models, IETF drafts, or a RFCs. It is a combination of the xym and pyang, with the "-- ietf" option, the two tools are used to produce these stats. Internet Connectivity Tools Traceroute: This tool provides Traceroute and PING testing using both IPv4 and IPv6 from the IETF server to the hostname or IP address you provide, for use in diagnosing / documenting connectivity issues. Meeting Tools IETF Meeting Session Requester: An account is required to access this tool. This tool allows the chairs of all active IETF working groups, IETF area groups, IRTF research groups, and IESG teams to submit all of the information that the Secretariat requires to schedule sessions at IETF meetings. The chairs can use the tool to request a new session, modify the requirements for a previously requested session, or cancel a session. Once a request is submitted, the group will appear on the user's main page of the IETF Meeting Materials Manager, so that he or she can upload an agenda. The secretaries of all active IETF working groups may also use this tool. IETF Meeting Materials Manager: An account is required to access this tool. This tool allows those members of the community who chair sessions at IETF meetings to make their meeting materials (agendas, presentation slides, and minutes) available to the community before, during, and after an IETF meeting (as appropriate), and to submit them to the Secretariat for inclusion in the IETF meeting proceedings. The chairs of all active IETF working groups, IETF area groups, IRTF research groups, IESG teams, and BOFs may have accounts on this tool. The secretaries of all active IETF working groups may also use the tool. Mailing List Tools Requesting a Mailing List: This page provides the template one must fill out and send to ietf-action@ietf.org to request a new mailing list be hosted at the ietf.org domain. This template can also be used to request that an existing mailing list be moved to ietf.org. The template may be used to request discussion lists for IETF working groups, or to request mailing lists for other IETF activities. A request to create a mailing list that is not the primary discussion list for a working group must be approved by an IETF Area Director, the IETF Chair, or the IAB Chair. The tool allows a user to request and obtain approval for the mailing list, if required. IPR Tools IPR Disclosure Page: This tool provides an interface for submitting an intellectual property rights (IPR) disclosure or updating an existing IPR disclosure. It also allows a user to view all IPR disclosures that have been submitted to the IETF, and to Search for IPR disclosures by various search parameters (i.e., disclosures related to an Internet-Draft, RFC, or working group, or submitted by a specific patent owner or applicant, or containing key words in the document title). The IETF intellectual property rights rules are defined in RFC 3979, "Intellectual Property Rights in IETF Technology." Liaison Tools Liaison Statement Tool: You must be a Liaison Manager logged into the datatracker to submit liaison statements. This tool is intended to be an alternative to e-mail for submitting liaison statements to the IETF from standards development organizations (SDOs) with which the IETF has a formal liaison relationship, and from the IETF to any SDO. Any liaison statement created with the tool is posted on the IETF Liaison Statements web page as soon as it is submitted, without intervention by the Secretariat. To request an account on this tool, please send a message to ietf-action@ietf.org. Accounts on this tool require the approval of the IAB Chair. Externally-hosted Tools XML2RFC: This tool allows you convert memos written in XML to the RFC format. The previous version of XML2RFC is currently available at http://xml2rfc.tools.ietf.org/old.html. Bibliography [1] RFC 3979 Intellectual Property Rights in IETF Technology The IETF policies about Intellectual Property Rights (IPR), such as patent rights, relative to technologies developed in the IETF are designed to ensure that IETF working groups and participants have as much information about any IPR constraints on a technical proposal as possible. The policies ... RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback