IETF | IETF 95 - Remote Participation


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 95 Buenos Aires IETF 95 - Remote Participation The IETF continues to look for ways to improve the remote participant experience. Registration If you know you will be unable to travel to the meeting and would like to participate remotely, we encourage you to register as a remote participant here. Registration is optional and there is currently no fee to be a remote participant at an IETF meeting. The IETF attempts to provide a worthwhile experience for remote attendees. As such, there are a number of different ways to experience an IETF meeting even if you cannot be in the room itself. Audio Streaming Jabber/XMPP Groupchat Mailing Lists Meetecho Audio Yes No No Yes Video No No No Yes Archives/Logs/Recordings available Yes Yes Yes Yes Enables interaction between local and remote participants No Yes Yes Yes Audio Streaming The IETF provides audio streaming for each breakout and plenary session. Each meeting room is assigned a channel; clicking on a link to one of those audio streams will take you to the live audio in that room. Use the IETF 95 Meeting agenda to find out which room’s stream you would like to connect to. (Please note that the audio stream is often shut down between sessions, so if you join early, you may hear silence.) The channel information and audio stream links for IETF 95 can be found at http://www.ietf.org/meeting/95/audio.html. After the meeting, recordings of those audio streams may be downloaded from http://www.ietf.org/audio/ietf95/. Jabber/XMPP Groupchat Each Working Group/BOF session has an associated chatroom that is open during the meeting. The session scribe will type a running commentary as to what is going on in the room. During question time, remote participants can type questions into the chatroom and the scribe will pass the question along to the speaker. Generally speaking, the chatroom name is the working group acronym@jabber.ietf.org, e.g. alto@jabber.ietf.org. Plenary sessions use the chatroom plenary@jabber.ietf.org. For general chat and nonspecific conversations, connect to hallway@jabber.ietf.org; this is the default social chatroom for the IETF. IETF 95 Agenda with links to corresponding Jabber rooms IETF Jabber Services Main Page Jabber Logs Mailing Lists Each IETF meeting has an attendee discussion list where attendees can connect with each other regarding issues related to the meeting. Attendees are given the opportunity to subscribe to this mailing list when they register for the meeting. In addition, there are a number of social email lists for more specific topics. For information about subscribing to the current meeting email lists, please see http://www.ietf.org/meeting/email-list.html. Meetecho Meetecho offers a synchronized view of the official Jabber room, the current slides being presented, a shared note taking editor, and an audio/video stream from the room. Meetecho can also support remote presentations, although that must be arranged in advance by contacting ietf-team@meetecho.com. All sessions (including tutorials) will be supported by Meetecho at IETF 95. For Meetecho information, please see the Meetecho @ IETF95 page. In this section Hide in this section IETF 95 Buenos Aires RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback