IETF | Newcomers


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 100 Singapore Newcomers This page provides a summary of information and resources to help newcomers to the IETF get started at IETF 100 in Singapore takes place November 11-17, 2017 In this section Hide in this section IETF 100 Singapore Meeting Venue and Hotels Remote Participation Newcomers IETF 100 Social Event Mailing lists Key Info Welcome to the IETF in Singapore! There are a number of events designed to introduce and integrate IETF newcomers to the community. Dive in and have fun! Newcomer events at IETF 100 Day Event Time Location Sunday Newcomers’ Orientation This tutorial is an introduction to the IETF's history, purpose, and processes. TBA TBA Sunday Newcomers' Meet and Greet This event is designed to introduce IETF newcomers to working group chairs, the IESG, and each other. TBA TBA Monday Newcomers' Dinner Organized by Secretariat, please email Naveen Khan at nkhan@amsl.com to RSVP no later than 14:00 the day of. 20:15 Meet at IETF Registration IETF 100 Meeting Agenda The agenda is dynamic and changes throughout the week. The most current version can be found online at: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/100/agenda.html A marked up version is also on the bulletin board near IETF registration in the meeting venue. Many people also view the agenda on their smartphone; IETF meeting agendas are available for iPhone and Android. iPhone agenda app: http://www.itunes.com/app/ietfers Android agenda app: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dalmasso.ietfsched IETF Mentoring Program The IETF Mentoring Program matches experienced IETF participants with newcomers (people who have participated in three or fewer face-to-face meetings or anyone registering as a student) in order to aid their integration into the IETF community through advice, help, and collected wisdom. For more information and to sign up to be a participant in the program, please visit the IETF Mentoring Program Page. IETF badges Many of the IETF attendees will have colored dots on their badges showing that they are part of one of the groups below. Explanations of the dots and an IETF intro can be found in the Tao of the IETF, A Novice's Guide to the Internet Engineering Task Force at: http://www.ietf.org/tao.html Resources for getting started There are a variety of resources available to newcomers, including tutorials and web pages that describe the IETF processes and provide overviews of IETF technical work. Finding documents online Internet-Drafts and RFCs can be found online using the Datatracker. You can search on title, author or other criteria. https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/ Other presentation materials, such as meeting slides that are presented in working sessions, can be found (usually but not always in advance of the session) here: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/100/materials.html Register for IETF 101 Join the IETF community as it creates the technologies that power the Internet. Register now RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback