IETF | IETF 92 Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 92 Dallas Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series Open Source, How is it Really Doing? Speaker: Chris DiBona, Director, Open Source and Science Outreach In this section Hide in this section IETF 92 Dallas Key Info Logistics: Room: Parisian Thursday, 26 March 2015 Time: 12:00 – 12:45 Lunch will NOT be provided. Note: Grab-n-Go lunches will be available for purchase in the Fairmont. Streaming live at: http://www.ietf.org/live/ Abstract: In this talk, Google's Chris DiBona will talk about the direction that Open Source has taken over the last few years, where it has been succeeding, where it has failed and how the IETF has impacted adoption. As part of this, he'll talk about the spread of Android and Chromium codebases and what it has meant for the industry. Questions will be answered! What do open standards mean without open source? What does open source switches and routers mean for the future of the internet? SDN is software...open source software? Is open daylight a thing? Biography of speaker: Chris DiBona, Director, Open Source and Science Outreach Chris DiBona is the Director of Open Source for Mountain View, Ca. based Google. His teams oversees license compliance and supports the open source developer community through programs such as the Google Summer of Code and through the release of open source software projects and patches. In the public sector space, he looks after Google Moderator and Google Elections. Mr. DiBona is an internationally known advocate of open source software and related methodologies. He occasionally appears on the This Week in Tech and the This Week in Google podcasts. He is a visiting scholar at the MIT Sloan School of Management and has a masters in software engineering from Carnegie Mellon University. Additionally, he serves on a number of technical advisory boards. Before joining Google, Mr. DiBona was an editor and author for the website Slashdot.org. Additionally, he coedited the award-winning essay compilations "Open Sources" and "Open Sources 2.0" and writes for several publications. He was the host of Floss Weekly with Leo Laporte and made a number of appearances on TechTV's "The Screensavers" and on the Cranky Geeks. His personal blog can be found at http://dibona.com. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback