IETF | IETF 93 Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 93 Prague Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series Topic: Recent Advances in Machine Learning and Their Application to Networking with speaker: David Meyer, CTO and Chief Scientist at Brocade Communications In this section Hide in this section IETF 93 Prague Key Info Logistics: Room: Grand Hilton Ballroom Thursday, 23 July 2015 Time: 12:00 – 12:45 Lunch will NOT be provided. Abstract: The recent progress of Machine Learning and Deep Learning in particular has been nothing short of spectacular. Machine learning applications now span wide variety of application spaces including perceptural tasks such as image search, object and scene recognition and captioning, voice and natural language recognition and generation, self-driving cars and automated assistants such as Siri, as well as various engineering, financial, medical and scientific applications. More generally, cutting-edge startups, established technology companies and Universities are increasingly finding new, novel, and exciting ways to apply powerful machine learning tools such as neural networks to new and existing problems in many different industries. The network domain, however, has been virtually untouched by all of this activity. This talk will outline recent advanced in Machine Learning with an eye towards network applications. In addition, we outlines a few "Machine Learning for DevOps" applications which are focused on next generation network automation. Biography of speaker: David Meyer, CTO and Chief Scientist at Brocade Communications David Meyer is currently CTO and Chief Scientist at Brocade Communications, where he works on future directions for Internet technologies. His current focus is the use machine learning (and in particular deep learning) for networking applications and Named Data Networking, among others. Prior to joining Brocade, he was a Distinguished Engineer at Cisco Systems, where he also worked as a developer, architect, and visionary on future directions for Internet technologies. Most recently he served as the chair of the Technical Steering Committee of the OpenDaylight Project (he is currently the Chair of the OpenDaylight Board of Directors). He has been a member of the Internet Architecture Board (IAB) of the the IETF (www.ietf.org) and the chair/co-chair of many working groups. He is also active in the operator community, where he has been a long standing member of the NANOG (www.nanog.org), RIPE, and APRICOT program committees (and served as NANOG program committee chair from 2008-2011). Mr. Meyer is also a frequent speaker at major industry and academic conferences. Mr. Meyer is also currently Director of the Advanced Network Technology Center at the University of Oregon where he is also a Senior Research Scientist in the department of Computer Science.. One of his major projects at the University of Oregon is routeviews (see www.routeviews.org). Prior to joining Cisco, he served as Senior Scientist, Chief Technologist and Director of IP Technology Development at Sprint. See http://www.1-4-5.net/~dmm/vita.html for more information. IETF 93 Attendee List Get great tips about the meeting and participate in the ongoing conversation among IETF 87 participants Subscribe here RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback