IETF | IETF 99 - Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 99 Prague IETF 99 - Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series Topic: Media and Entertainment GO IP In this section Hide in this section IETF 99 Prague Participation Options IETF 99 Tutorials IETF 99 Bits-N-Bites In depth The media and entertainment industry is undergoing a move from media specific transport protocols like SDI to IP and this brings new challenges and new opportunities. The panel will discuss their perspectives on this transformation, new abilities transformation enables, and possible challenges ahead. Logistics: Room: Congress Hall III Thursday, July 20, 2017 Time: 12:30 – 13:15 Lunch will NOT be provided. Moderator: Glenn Deen Glenn is a Comcast Distinguished Engineer and NBCUniversal Sr. Director of Networking and Distribution Technology. He’s active in the IETF, ICANN, IGF, M3AAWG, CTA, and cybersecurity communities. His current passion is advancing the state of the art of Internet Video, especially video's use of IPv6. He’s based at NBCUniversal's studios in Los Angeles. Panelists: Gaurav Naik, Craig Taylor, Mark Townsley Gaurav Naik Gaurav Naik is a research professor in the Department of Computer Science of Drexel University in Philadelphia, PA, USA. His research interests span both computer networking and cyber security. Much of his work has been on exploring the design of networked applications, protocols, and software defined networking. Craig Taylor Craig Taylor is a Lead Technical Architect for the BBC’s Online Technology Group who are responsible for the design and performance of the BBC’s media delivery platform and the 'internet edge' of BBC web platforms. Often working as a liaison between research colleagues and engineering, Craig contributes to video, audio and internet standards and transitions them into production platforms. Craig provides deployment details for transport, application and security protocols across the BBC. Mark Townsley Mark Townsley is a Cisco Fellow, part-time professor at Ecole Polytechnique, and co-founder of Cisco’s Paris Innovation and Research Laboratory (PIRL). A long-time contributor to the IETF, Mark served two terms as Internet Area Director for the IETF and has chaired multiple Working Groups. Mark also leads the IPv6-Centric Networking program at Cisco, researching ways that IPv6 can be used to solve networking challenges in ways unthinkable with IPv4 alone. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback