IETF | IETF 100 - Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 100 Singapore IETF 100 - Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series Topic: 3 years on: Open Standards, Open Source, Open Loop In this section Hide in this section IETF 100 Singapore Meeting Venue and Hotels Remote Participation Newcomers IETF 100 Social Event Mailing lists Key Info At IETF 91, many outrageous claims were proven only with emphatic assertion about the relationship between Open Standards and Open Source. Three years later, let’s take a look at how much progress has been made, if any; and discuss successes and failures. Communities of developers and engineers have fully formed Open Source efforts and are building large, effective communities without any documented standardization as a part of their strategy. How should SDOs interact with developers, communities and deployers of Open Source? There are claims and perhaps proof that Open Source now fully defines the industries "de facto Standards." Does the process of standardization and the contents and lifecycle of a standard need to fundamentally change? David Ward of Cisco at IETF 100 © Stonehouse Photographic Biography of Speaker: Dave Ward, Senior Vice President, Chief Architect & CTO - Engineering Dave is Chief Architect at Cisco Systems, responsible for architectural governance, defining strategy, development of new technology and leading use-inspired research. Working via tight partnerships with customers, partners, developers and academia he is also leading co-development and co-innovation initiatives. He has been the Routing Area Director at the IETF and chair of four Working Groups: IS-IS, HIP, BFD and Softwires and worked with the ITU-T, ONF and several Open Source consortia. David was also a Juniper Fellow and Chief Architect working on the operating system and next-generation routing systems. Dave has a small vineyard in the Santa Cruz Mountains, an heirloom tomato farm along the St. Croix River in Somerset, Wisconsin. Download the slides Read Dave's blog about this topic Video RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback