IETF | Social Event


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 96 Berlin Social Event IETF 96 Social Event In this section Hide in this section IETF 96 Berlin Key Info Hosted by: Juniper Networks Location: Great Orangerie, Charlottenburg Palace Spandauer Damm 22-24 14059 Berlin Date: Tuesday, 19 July, 2016 Time: 18:30 to 22:00 Enjoy one of Berlin\u2019s most beautiful attractions while enjoying a Buffet style dinner at the Great Orangerie in Charlottenburg Palace. Charlottenburg Palace appears on many of the Top Ten Attractions for visitors to Berlin, while the magnificent Grand Orangerie is home to many classical music concerts. If the weather cooperates, guests will also enjoy the wonderful outdoor garden. The Palace was originally built about 1699 by Sophie Charlotte, wife of Frederich III. After Charlotte\u2019s death, the Palace was named in her honor. Beer, wine, and non-alcoholic beverages along with a wonderful selection of German cuisine and other foods have been carefully chosen by our caterer to provide a great choice for all. Special attention has been paid to those with various dietary restrictions. Timeline: 18:15-20:00 Buses depart from the Intercontinental Hotel to Great Orangerie, Charlottenburg Palace 18:30-22:00 Social Event and Buffet Dinner 20:30-22:30 Buses return to Intercontinental Hotel from Great Orangerie, Charlottenburg Palace 22:30 Last call for Bus Return to Intercontinental Hotel Cost: $35 per ticket, limit to two per attendee. Children's tickets, for those 12 and under are available at no cost. Availability: 500 Food and beverage: Beer, wine, non-alcoholic beverages, German and other cuisines. Special attention has been paid to those with various dietary restrictions. To purchase a ticket to the IETF 96 social event CLICK HERE, or purchase on-site at the IETF registration desk, subject to availability. Note: You must first register for IETF 96 to purchase a social ticket. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback