IETF | Meeting Materials


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Working Group chair resources Meeting Materials IETF meeting materials include agendas, minutes, and presentation slides. Meeting materials may be submitted by using the The IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool, or by email to the Secretariat. In this section Hide in this section Working Group chair resources Updating working group milestones Info for chairing WG & BOF sessions Datatracker Sandbox WebEx for Working Groups Document Writeup Styles Formatting and Content of IETF Working Group Agendas and Minutes Meeting Materials Requesting sessions Key Info Submitting Agendas For the convenience of meeting attendees, please submit the agendas for your working group sessions as early as possible, but by no later than 12:00 ET (17:00 GMT) on the Monday of the week preceding the IETF Meeting. If you prefer to submit your agenda via e-mail rather than using the "IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool," then please send it to agenda@ietf.org. Submitting Minutes and Presentation SlidesPlease submit your minutes and presentation slides for inclusion in the IETF meeting proceedings by no later than four weeks from the Friday of the meeting week at 17:00 ET (21:00 GMT). If you prefer to submit your minutes and presentation slides via e-mail rather than using the "IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool," then please send them to proceedings@ietf.org. To ensure that your materials are not flagged as SPAM, please use "IETF-XX Proceedings Submission" as the "Subject" line. (Where XX is the meeting number). Submission of minutes is mandatory. Minutes may be submitted in plain text (Unix/Mac/Dos), in simple HTML with NO style sheets, and PDF. Minutes submitted with style sheets WILL BE converted to plain text. Therefore, if you are concerned about preserving the formatting of your minutes, then please submit them in simple HTML. Submission of presentation slides is optional. Presentation slides may be submitted in any of the following formats: .TXT Plain text (Unix / Mac / Dos) .DOC MS Word Document (v 95 - latest version) .PDF Adobe Portable Document Format (Acrobat 3 - latest version) .PPT MS PowerPoint (v 95 - latest version) For incorporation into the proceedings, presentation slides submitted in ppt and doc WILL BE converted to html and pdf, respectively. When submitting slides for multiple presentations, please indicate the order that the presentations should appear in the proceedings. If you use the "IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool" to submit your presentation slides, then you can order the presentations via the interface provided. If you submit your presentation slides by e-mail, then please indicate the desired order by completing a "Proceedings Submission Form." For your convenience, "Proceedings Submission Forms" are available on line in both PDF and Microsoft Word DOC formats. Either version of the form may be printed in advance, completed on site, and turned in at the registration desk following the conclusion of your working group session. The Word form may also be completed electronically and submitted by e-mail along with the presentation slides. Please note that hard copies of the "Proceedings Submission Forms" will no longer be provided in the meeting rooms. Posting of Materials on the IETF Web SiteIf you submit your meeting materials using the "IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool," then they will be posted on the "IETF Meeting Materials" Web page in their original formats and made available to the public as soon as they are uploaded. For incorporation into the proceedings, they will be processed to conform with established proceedings standards (as described above). If you submit your meeting materials via e-mail, then they will be processed to conform with established proceedings standards prior to being posted, and will be available on the "IETF Meeting Materials" Web page within 48 hours after receipt. Please review your processed materials on line and send any corrections to proceedings@ietf.org. The deadline for submitting corrections is two weeks from the submission deadline (or six weeks from the Friday of the meeting week). The IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool The IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool is a Web-based tool for making meeting materials available to the community before, during, and after an IETF meeting (as appropriate), and for submitting them to the Secretariat for inclusion in the IETF meeting proceedings. For each IETF meeting, users will have access to the tool from the date that working group and BOF session scheduling begins until the deadline for submitting corrections to the proceedings. The The IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool cannot be used to upload your BOF materials until the BOF has been approved by an IETF Area Director. Since the proposed agenda for a BOF MUST accompany the request for a slot, the initial agenda for your BOF session will always be submitted to the Secretariat via e-mail. Once your BOF has been approved, you may use the "Meeting Materials Management Tool" to submit revised versions of the agenda. User Account Information A User ID and password is required to access the site. Each working group chair has an account on the tool, and BOF chairs who are not also working group chairs are given accounts on the tool when their BOFs have been approved by an IETF Area Director. Individuals who chair other types of sessions at IETF meetings may also request accounts on the tool. To request an account on this tool, please send a message to ietf-action@ietf.org and include the number of the IETF meeting, and the name(s) of the session(s) that you chaired or are scheduled to chair. Features and Capabilities Upon logging in to the site, the user will be prompted to select the IETF meeting for which he or she wishes to upload materials. For example, a working group chair may wish to upload minutes from a session held at the previous IETF meeting, or submit an initial agenda for a session to be held at the next IETF meeting. The following description assumes that the user selects an upcoming meeting. After selecting the meeting, the user will be presented with a user's main page that lists the working groups, BoFs, and/or other activities that the user chairs, and that are scheduled to meet at the upcoming meeting. For each activity, the user can perform the following actions: Upload, replace, or delete the session agenda and minutes. Upload, replace, or delete multiple presentations. Order the presentations in the proper sequence for the agenda or for publication in the proceedings. Before and during the sessions, the user can upload his or her agenda and presentation slides, and replace them with revised versions as often as desired. After the sessions, the user can upload final versions of these materials as well as the minutes. All uploaded materials will be available to the public on the "IETF Meeting Materials" Web page as soon as they are submitted. Therefore, they can be viewed and downloaded during the audio-cast of the sessions. The URL for the "IETF Meeting Materials" Web page is: https://datatracker.ietf.org/public/meeting_materials.cgi?meeting_num=XX (where XX is the number of the meeting, e.g., "64" for IETF-64). File Formats for Uploaded Materials The tool will accept and post materials in the following formats: Agendas: text, and html Minutes: text, html, and pdf Presentation slides: text, pdf, ppt, and doc However, when they are incorporated into the proceedings, presentation slides submitted in ppt or doc will be converted to html and pdf, respectively. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback