IETF | IETF 96 - Local Letters of Invitation


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 96 Berlin IETF 96 - Local Letters of Invitation IETF 96 took place in Berlin, Germany, from July 17-22, 2016. This page is provided for informational purposes only; links may be outdated or broken. In this section Hide in this section IETF 96 Berlin Key Info Please check the German Federal Foreign Offlice Website for a list of countries with visa exemptions. If you travel on a passport issued by a country NOT on this list, you may require documents issued by the local host. To obtain the necessary documents from the host for the visa process, please complete and return the visa information form XLS and email to Security-Desk-Amsterdam@juniper.net Please note the following: Germany is part of the Shengen zone. All letters of invitation will be in English and must be accepted by all consulates and embassy’s as part of the Shengen covenant. No translation to German is necessary. The original copy of the letter of invitation will be signed, scanned and emailed as a PDF to the attendee. Hard copy letters of invitation are not typically required. Please check with the consulate you are applying with to determine what format of letter of invitation will be accepted. In exceptional cases where the PDF is not accepted, the signed letter of invitation can be faxed directly to the consulate where the attendee is submitting their application. If you require this service, please email Security-Desk-Amsterdam@juniper.net RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback