IETF | Internet-Drafts


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Internet standards Internet-Drafts Internet-Drafts are working documents of the IETF, its areas, and its Working Groups. Note that other groups may also distribute working documents as Internet-Drafts. In this section Hide in this section Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process Key Info During the development of a specification, draft versions of the document are made available for informal review and comment by placing them in the IETF's Internet-Drafts directory. This makes an evolving working document readily available to a wide audience, facilitating the process of review and revision. Internet-Drafts have no formal status, and are subject to change or removal at any time; therefore they should not be cited or quoted in any formal document. Anyone can submit Internet-Drafts. Opinions expressed in the drafts are the authors'. The drafts do not necessarily have any standing in the IETF unless, for instance, adopted by a working group or approved as an RFC. Submit an Internet-Draft The following links provide information on submitting an Internet-Draft to the IETF. Note Well Guidelines I-D Checklist xml2rfc Submission Tool ID-Nits Tool Search For a Current Internet-Draft The most effective way to search for, and browse, Internet-Drafts, is by using the IETF Datatracker. Internet-Drafts can be retrieved using ftp, http, or rsync. Verify an Internet Draft's Signature The IETF digitally signs Internet-Drafts, and those signatures can be used to verify an Internet-Draft's authenticity. For information on working with Internet-Draft signatures, click here. Need Additional Assistance? Questions on Internet-Drafts not answered here should be sent to the Internet-Drafts Administrator. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback