IETF | IETF Groupchat/Chatroom Service


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events IETF Groupchat/Chatroom Service This page provides information regarding IETF Groupchat/Chatroom services. In this section Hide in this section Meetings and events IETF 101 London Upcoming Meetings Past Meetings Interim Meetings Proceedings Important Dates for 2018 Register for the Next IETF Meeting Key Info The IETF Groupchat Service uses an extension to the IETF's Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) as defined in RFC 6120. The IETF provides Jabber/XMPP groupchat services for use by the various working groups, areas, and BOF sessions during meetings and at other times. Jabber Services are always available, except during brief maintenance periods. A number of IETF Chatrooms exist, each one serves a specific purpose. The ID of each room is "roomname@jabber.ietf.org" (see the logs page for representative examples). For general chat and nonspecific conversations, connect to hallway@jabber.ietf.org. Hallway is the default social chatroom for the IETF. Accessing the Service In order to access the IETF Groupchat Service, you will need an XMPP account, which can be obtained from a number of public servers or from a private or corporate server you may have access to. The IETF does not provide public XMPP accounts. In addition, you will need an XMPP-compatible instant messaging client running on your computer or workstation, or you will need to access a web client offered by various service providers. Consult your client documentation for information on connecting to a groupchat room. The secretariat cannot provide help with the use of particular instant messaging clients, or the configuration of those clients. They do provide support for the resolution of problems with the groupchat service, and can be reached via email at: ietf-action@ietf.org. Chatroom Logs All conversations which take place in IETF Chatrooms are logged, and those logs are publicly and permanently available on this website, here. Everything said becomes part of the public record. Chatroom Support The IETF Jabber Groupchat server is hosted by the IETF Secretariat, Association Management Solutions, in Fremont, California. The secretariat cannot provide help with the use of particular Jabber Clients, or the configuration of those clients. They do provide support for the resolution of problems with the Jabber Server, and can be reached at: ietf-action@ietf.org. Note WellThis is a reminder of IETF policies in effect on various topics such as patents or code of conduct. It is only meant to point you in the right direction. Exceptions may apply. The IETF's patent policy and the definition of an IETF "contribution" and "participation" are set forth in BCP 79; please read it carefully. As a reminder: By participating in the IETF, you agree to follow IETF processes and policies. If you are aware that any IETF contribution is covered by patents or patent applications that are owned or controlled by you or your sponsor, you must disclose that fact, or not participate in the discussion. As a participant in or attendee to any IETF activity you acknowledge that written, audio, video, and photographic records of meetings may be made public. Personal information that you provide to IETF will be handled in accordance with the IETF Privacy Statement. As a participant or attendee, you agree to work respectfully with other participants; please contact the ombudsteam (https://www.ietf.org/contact/ombudsteam/) if you have questions or concerns about this. Definitive information is in the documents listed below and other IETF BCPs. For advice, please talk to WG chairs or ADs: BCP 9 (Internet Standards Process) BCP 25 (Working Group processes) BCP 25 (Anti-Harassment Procedures) BCP 54 (Code of Conduct) BCP 78 (Copyright) BCP 79 (Patents, Participation) https://www.ietf.org/privacy-policy/ (Privacy Policy) RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback