IETF | Thursday Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 97 Seoul Thursday Speaker Series Seoul, South Korea - November 12-18, 2016 In this section Hide in this section IETF 97 Seoul Key Info Topic: QUasi Assured Network Transport (QUANT) With more and more fixed and mobile services requiring ultra low latency and/or assured bandwidth, such as Vehicles-To-Vehicles, interactive 4/8K video, and augmented and virtual reality, a number of Standards Development Organizations have already started related initiatives. Examples of these include Flex Ethernet (OIF), Time Sensitive Networking (IEEE802.1TSN), DetNet (IETF), Broadband Assured Services (BBF), and so on, which are mostly link/port/node-based technologies and can be used to build local or campus-scale and special-purposed networks. The burning question is if it is feasible to provide low latency and/or assured bandwidth end-to-end services over wide area packet networks, including the Internet, with mixed traffic and technologies. What are the contributing factors that cause latency across packet networks? What can we learn from how low-latency services are provided across specific technologies? This talk will take a look at the current state of the art, introduce the use cases, and sow the seeds for some ideas about how to optimize WAN latency. Logistics: Room: Park Ballroom 1 Thursday, November 17, 2016 Time: 12:30 – 13:15 Lunch will NOT be provided. Presenter: Andrew G. Malis, Distinguished Engineer, Huawei Technologies Andrew G. Malis is a Distinguished Engineer at Huawei Technologies. He specializes in product and network architecture and future evolution; standards leadership (internal and external to the company); customer consultation; and SDN, NFV, IP, MPLS, Ethernet, and other telecom and data networking protocols. Previously, he has held senior engineering positions at Verizon, Tellabs, Cascade Communications, and BBN. He also holds standards leadership positions as Services Area Director and Technical Council Member at the Open Networking Foundation (ONF) and as a Working Group co-chair and a member of the Routing Directorate in the IETF. He has held leadership roles in other standards organizations, including board memberships and president/chairman. He has written and contributed to many technology standards, including having authored a number of RFCs, and has spoken and chaired at numerous industry conferences. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback