IETF Proceedings


Home About the IETF Mission Standards Process Note Well NomCom Info for Newcomers Internet-Drafts Datatracker Search Submit RFC Pages Search RFC Ed Index RFC Editor Queue IANA Pages Protocol Parameters Working Groups WG Charters Email Lists WG Chairs' Page Resources Community Tools Tools Team Pages Edu Team Pages Wikis Meetings Upcoming Meetings Past Meetings Interim Meetings Important Dates Proceedings Mailing Lists Announcement Lists Discussion Lists Non-WG Lists IESG Announcements Statements Members Minutes IPR IPR Policy File a Disclosure Disclosure Search Liaisons Liaison Statements Liaison Managers Contact IETF Secretariat® Legal Matters Report Web Site Errors Customize View Brief Normal Extended Advanced (Requires Javascript) IETF Proceedings Introduction | Area, Working Goup & BoF Reports | Plenaries | Training | Internet Research Task Force IRTF Mission To promote research of importance to the evolution of the future Internet by creating focused, long-term and small Research Groups working on topics related to Internet protocols, applications, architecture and technology. IRTF Research Groups The Internet Research Task Force is composed of a number of small Research Groups. Research Groups are usually focussed and long term, though short lived "task force" like Research Groups are possible. IRTF Overview The Research Groups work on topics related to Internet protocols, applications, architecture and technology. Research Groups are expected to have the stable long term (with respect to the lifetime of the Research Group) membership needed to promote the development of research collaboration and teamwork in exploring research issues. Participation is by individual contributors, rather than by representatives of organizations. The IRTF is managed by the IRTF Chair in consultation with the Internet Research Steering Group (IRSG). The IRSG membership includes the IRTF Chair, the chairs of the various Research Group and possibly other individuals ("members at large") from the research community. The IRTF Chair is appointed by the Internet Architecture Board (IAB), the Research Group chairs are appointed as part of the formation of Research Groups and the IRSG members at large are chosen by the IRTF Chair in consultation with the rest of the IRSG and on approval of the IAB. In addition to managing the Research Groups, the IRSG may from time to time hold topical workshops focusing on research areas of importance to the evolution of the Internet, or more general workshops to, for example, discuss research priorities from an Internet perspective. The IRTF Research Groups guidelines and procedures are described more fully in RFC 2014 (BCP 8). Mail Lists Each IRTF Research Group maintains one or more open mailing lists. Information on these lists is available on the individual research group's pages. The IRTF Announce list receive notices of IRTF Research Group creation and termination, document publication, invitations for feedback and participation, and other IRTF activities. Sponsors The IRTF gratefully acknowledges support from the following organizations: The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) The Internet Society (ISOC) IRTF Chair Lars Eggert currently serves as IRTF Chair; he can be reached at irtf-chair@irtf.org. Home - Tools Team - Datatracker - Web Site Usage Statistics - IASA - IAB - RFC Editor - IANA - IRTF - IETF Trust - ISOC - Store - Contact Us Secretariat services provided by Association Management Solutions, LLC (AMS). Please send problem reports to: ietf-action@ietf.org.