IETF | Discussion lists


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Email lists Discussion lists IETF discussion lists are for ongoing conversations, the scope of which range from very broad to focused on a particular Working Group. In this section Hide in this section Email lists Announcement lists Working Group email lists Discussion lists Key Info General IETF discussion list The IETF discussion list serves two purposes. It furthers the development and specification of Internet technology through discussion of technical issues, and it hosts discussions of IETF direction, policy, and procedures. As this is the most general IETF mailing list, considerable latitude is allowed with respect to topics discussed. Advertising, whether to solicit business or to promote employment opportunities, falls well outside the range of acceptable topics, as do discussions of a personal nature. The IETF discussion list is meant for initial discussion only. Discussions that fall within the area of any working group list (or other well established list) should be moved to that more specific list as soon as this is pointed out, unless the issue is one for which the working group needs wider input or direction. In addition to the topics noted above, appropriate postings include: Last Call discussions of proposed protocol actions Discussion of technical issues that are candidates for IETF work, but do not yet have an appropriate e-mail venue Discussion of IETF administrative policies Questions and clarifications concerning IETF meetings Email archives for the IETF discussion list are accessible via the Web. You can subscribe or unsubscribe to the IETF discussion list here. Working Group Discussion Lists Each IETF working group maintains a general discussion mailing list where most of its work is conducted. Mail on the working group mailing lists is expected to be technically relevant to the working groups supported by those lists. Information on how to subscribe to an IETF working group mailing list, as well as the location of the mailing list archives, can be found on the Web page for that working group. Access to the Web pages for all active IETF working groups is available on the Active IETF Working Groups web page. The archives for many working groups are housed at the IETF Secretariat. In those cases where the archives are housed elsewhere, the Secretariat attempts to maintain duplicate sets of text archives, with the messages for each working group stored in a separate subdirectory. The IETF Secretariat text archives are located at ftp://ftp.ietf.org/ietf-mail-archive/. Several IETF Working Groups maintain http-based mailing list archives both at ietf.org and at other sites. Please visit Web-based Working Group E-mail Archives for a list of these. Architecture Discussion List The architecture-discuss list serves as a technical discussion forum for all members of the IETF community that are interested in larger architectural issues. It is meant to be an open discussion forum for all long and/or wide range architectural concerns related to the Internet Architecture. In particular, it may be used to discuss and bring forth different points of view on controversial architectural questions. Discussions that drill down and dwell on specifics of individual protocols or technologies are to be discouraged, redirected to appropriate other fora, or re-cast to discussions of broader implications for Internet architecture. architecture-discuss mail archives architecture-discuss subscription and list information Meeting Discussion Lists Each IETF meeting has an attendee discussion list where attendees can connect with each other regarding issues related to the meeting. Information on how to subscribe to the meeting attendee mailing list for the current meeting can be found on the Meeting Email Lists page. Attendees are also given the opportunity to subscribe to this mailing list when they register for the meeting. Please note that messages to the Secretariat regarding meeting issues that require the involvement of the Secretariat or IAD - IETF Administrative Director should be sent to mtd@ietf.org for quick resolution. Inappropriate Postings to Discussion Lists Inappropriate postings to discussion lists include: Unsolicited bulk e-mail Discussion of subjects unrelated to IETF policy, meetings, activities, or technical concerns Unprofessional commentary, regardless of the general subject The IETF Chair, the IETF Executive Director, or a sergeant-at-arms appointed by the Chair is empowered to restrict posting by a person or of a thread as they deem appropriate to limit abuse. Complaints regarding their decisions should be referred to the IAB. NOTE: The IETF discussion list is performing spam control according to the guidelines given in the IESG guidelines on spam control. If you have problems posting to the list, then please send a message to the IETF Technical Support Team. Bibliography [1] IAD - IETF Administrative Director RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback