IETF | Remote Participation


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events IETF 101 London Remote Participation Using the Internet is a good way to participate in an IETF meeting if you are not able to travel to the meeting location. In this section Hide in this section IETF 101 London Remote Participation IETF 101 Social Event Emergency Procedures Key Info If you are interested in participating in IETF 101 but are unable to travel to London, this page provides the information you need to connect to the meeting sessions. 1. Register for IETF 101 Registering as a remote participant allows you to participate IETF 101 using the Meetecho collaboration tools. Simply select the "Register as a remote participant" from the Note Well page. There is no fee to participate remotely in IETF, but registration is required to access video and other information via Meetecho. If you prefer not to register, you may listen to the live audio streams of the sessions instead. 2. Review the meeting agenda The official IETF 101 agenda is available on the IETF Datatracker. It provides links to session materials (agendas, presentations, etc.) and you can use the agenda to join the Meetecho sessions, audio streams, and jabber rooms for individual sessions. Be sure to note the time zone for the IETF 101 venue. The meeting agenda is also provided in UTC. 3. Check out remote participation channels Meetecho Meetecho offers a synchronized view of video and audio, the official Jabber room, the current slides being presented, a shared note taking editor from the meeting room. Meetecho will be available for all sessions at IETF 101, including tutorials, with links to individual sessions available from the official IETF 101 agenda when the meeting is underway. Note: You must register for IETF 101 and use your IETF registration ID to login to the Meetecho sessions. Meetecho can also support remote presentations with advance arrangements made by filling out this form. For additional information about Meetecho, please see the Meetecho @ IETF 101 page. Audio streaming The IETF provides stand-alone audio streaming for each breakout and plenary session. Please note that the audio stream is often shut down between sessions, so if you join early you may hear silence. You can access the audio streams from within the official meeting agenda. Jabber/XMPP Groupchat Each Working Group and Birds-of-a-Feather session has an associated chatroom that is open during the meeting, which is available via Meetecho or a standalone Jabber client. The session scribe will type a running commentary as to what is going on in the room. During question time, remote participants can type questions into the chatroom and the scribe will pass the question along to the speaker. Generally speaking, the chatroom name is the working group acronym@jabber.ietf.org, e.g. alto@jabber.ietf.org. Plenary sessions use the chatroom plenary@jabber.ietf.org. For general chat and nonspecific conversations, connect to hallway@jabber.ietf.org; this is the default social chatroom for the IETF. Links to the Jabber rooms for specific sessions can be accessed from the official meeting agenda. IETF Jabber Services Main Page Jabber Logs Mailing Lists Each IETF meeting has an attendee discussion list where attendees can connect with each other regarding issues related to the meeting. Attendees are given the opportunity to subscribe to this mailing list when they register for the meeting. In addition, there are a number of social email lists for more specific topics. See the IETF Meeting Mailing Lists page for information about subscribing to the current meeting email lists. 4. Prepare for the meeting If you are new to IETF participation, you may wish to review some of the information and tutorials to better understand how the IETF works and how IETF meetings operate. In general, most of the work of the IETF is conducted via email lists, with in-person meetings providing opportunities to work through issues and have conversations that don't lend themselves to online interactions. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback