IETF | Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Share this page Blog listing Show filters Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings This statement provides IESG guidance on interim IETF working group meetings, both face-to-face and virtual. 11 Jan 2016 IESG Statement on Maximizing Encrypted Access To IETF Information The IETF has recognised that the act of accessing public information required for routine tasks can be privacy sensitive and can benefit from using a confidentiality service, such as is provided by TLS. [BCP188] Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Aug 2015 IESG Statement on Internet Draft Authorship The IESG has received some reports of IETF participants having been listed as document authors on drafts without their consent ("surprised authorship"). 11 Jun 2015 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic RFC 2026 defines a "Historic" status for documents: A specification that has been superseded by a more recent specification or is for any other reason considered to be obsolete is assigned to the "Historic" level. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Jul 2014 DISCUSS Criteria in IESG Review This document describes the role of the 'DISCUSS' position in the IESG review process. It gives some guidance on when a DISCUSS should and should not be issued. It also discusses procedures for DISCUSS resolution. Internet Engineering Steering Group 7 May 2014 Writable MIB Module IESG Statement The IESG is aware of discussions in the OPS area and in a number of working groups about the current practice for standards-based approaches to configuration. Internet Engineering Steering Group 2 Mar 2014 IETF Anti-Harassment Policy This IESG statement explains that the IETF strives to create and maintain an environment in which people of many different backgrounds are treated with dignity, decency, and respect. 3 Nov 2013 IESG Statement on Ethertypes The IEEE Registration Authority (IEEE RA) assigns Ethertypes with oversight from the IEEE Registration Authority Committee (IEEE RAC). Internet Engineering Steering Group 25 Oct 2012 IESG Statement on Removal of an Internet-Draft from the IETF Web Site Internet-Drafts (I-Ds) are working documents of the IETF. RFC 2026, BCP 9, describes the purpose of I-Ds, and it also provides some policies that govern the I-D Repository. Internet Engineering Steering Group 25 Oct 2012 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic" dated 20 July 2014. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Oct 2011 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic" dated 20 July 2014. Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Jun 2011 IESG Statement on IESG Processing of RFC Errata concerning RFC Metadata This IESG statement describes the manner in which the IESG will process RFC Errata concerning RFC Metadata [RFC5741]. Internet Engineering Steering Group 13 Jun 2011 IESG Statement on Document Shepherds This statement provides guidance from the IESG on selection of a Document Shepherd for documents from IETF working groups and documents from individuals. Internet Engineering Steering Group 11 Oct 2010 IESG Statement on the Usage of Assignable Codepoints, Addresses and Names in Specification Examples Protocol specifications and other documents intended for RFC publication often include useful examples with correctly formatted and syntactically valid codepoints, addresses or names. Internet Engineering Steering Group 24 May 2010 IESG Statement on NomCom Eligibility and Day Passes RFC 3777 requires that voting members of the nominating committee (NomCom) be selected from volunteers that have attended at least three of the last five IETF meetings. Internet Engineering Steering Group 24 May 2010 IESG Statement on Copyright This IESG Statement obsoletes all earlier IESG Statements regarding Copyright statements in MIB and PIB Modules. Internet Engineering Steering Group 8 Sep 2009 Proposed Status for IETF Documents Reserving Resources for Example Purposes This IESG Statement deals with the proposed status for IETF documents reserving values, numbers, addresses, etc. for example purposes. In this statement we use the term 'resources' for these values, numbers, addresses, etc. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Jan 2009 Guidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings" dated 11 January 2016. Internet Engineering Steering Group 2 Sep 2008 IESG Processing of RFC Errata for the IETF Stream The [below] describes the manner in which the IESG will be processing RFC Errata for the IETF Stream. The current tools on the RFC Editor site support "approved" and "rejected", but they need to be updated to also permit "hold for document update" as errata states. Internet Engineering Steering Group 30 Jul 2008 IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists The following principles apply to spam control on IETF mailing lists: Internet Engineering Steering Group 14 Apr 2008 IESG Statement on Registration Requests for URIs Containing Telephone Numbers RFC4395: Guidelines and Registration Procedures for New URI Schemes Internet Engineering Steering Group 3 Mar 2008 IESG Statement on RFC3406 and URN Namespaces Registry Review RFC 3406: URN Namespace Definitions Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Feb 2008 Advice for WG Chairs Dealing with Off-Topic Postings Managing off-topic postings to IETF Working Group (WG) mail lists is challenging. Internet Engineering Steering Group 23 Jan 2008 On Appeals of IESG and Area Director Actions and Decisions The IESG re-affirms that its reading of RFC 2026 is that any action made by an Area Director or the IESG may be made the subject of the conflict resolution mechanisms set out in Section 6.5 of RFC 2026. Internet Engineering Steering Group 4 Oct 2007 Experimental Specification of New Congestion Control Algorithms This document describes the process that the IETF transport area directors employ when new congestion control algorithms that differ significantly from currently-published IETF standards are brought to the IETF for specification and publication as Experimental RFCs. Internet Engineering Steering Group 5 Jul 2007 Guidance on Area Director Sponsoring of Documents This statement discusses the process related to "individual submissions", publication of RFCs by finding a sponsoring Area Director to take it through IETF and Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) review. This statement covers both the the processing in the IESG as well as guidance on when such sponsoring is appropriate. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Mar 2007 Last Call Guidance to the Community Under RFC 2026, the IESG issues Last Calls to the IETF community for all draft Standards Track and BCP documents, and for selected draft Informational and Experimental documents. Internet Engineering Steering Group 15 Jan 2007 IESG Statement: Normative and Informative References Nearly all RFCs contain citations to other documents, and these are listed in a References section near the end of the RFC. Internet Engineering Steering Group 19 Apr 2006 IESG Statement on Disruptive Posting The IESG today makes the following statement, but will welcome community feedback on it. Internet Engineering Steering Group 17 Feb 2006 Guidance for Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists" dated 14 April 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 9 Jan 2006 IESG Statement on AUTH48 State The IESG has decided that as of now, any IESG-approved drafts that enter the AUTH48 state, where the RFC Editor waits for final text approval from all listed authors, may be released on the responsible AD's authority if any authors have not responded after a reasonable time, typically two weeks. Internet Engineering Steering Group 5 Jan 2006 Syntax for Format Definitions The IESG does not prescribe the use of any single syntax for format definitions. Internet Engineering Steering Group 12 May 2005 IESG Statement on IDN IDNA [IDNA] specifies an encoding of characters in the Unicode character repertoire [UNICODE] which is backwards-compatible with the current definition of hostnames. Internet Engineering Steering Group 11 Feb 2003 Copyright Statement in MIB and PIB Modules NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Copyright" dated 8 September 2009. Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Nov 2002 Guidance for Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists" dated 14 April 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 13 Mar 2002 On Design Teams Design teams are mentioned in The Working Group Guidelines RFC (RFC 2418) as follows: Internet Engineering Steering Group 21 Dec 2001 Guidelines for the Use of Formal Languages in IETF Specifications This temporary guideline has been prepared by the IESG in response to a specific case; it is intended that it be put into an internet-draft and progressed as an IETF consensus position. Internet Engineering Steering Group 1 Oct 2001 Establishment of Temporary Sub-IP Area NOTE: This statement formed the Sub-IP Area, and this Area has subsequently been closed Internet Engineering Steering Group 21 Mar 2001 Plans to Organize "Sub-IP" Technologies in the IETF Two weeks ago I sent a message informing the community of some plans to improve the organization of some significant work going on in the IETF on "sub-ip" technologies. Internet Engineering Steering Group 6 Dec 2000 A New IETF Work Area Traditionally the IETF has focused its efforts "above the wire and below the application." Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Nov 2000 Guidance on Interim IETF Working Group Meetings and Conference Calls NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "Guidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions" dated 2 September 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 29 Aug 2000 IESG Guidance on the Moderation of IETF Working Group Mailing Lists In some cases, it is necessary and appropriate to moderate IETF mailing lists. 1 Aug 2000 Close blog listing CATEGORIES All News Blog IESG Statements TOPICS All IESG-Procedures IESG-MailingList Internet of Things Operations and Management Area IESG-Technical Applications and Real-Time Area General Area IESG-Meetings Security Area (sec) CATEGORIES All News Blog IESG Statements TOPICS All IESG-Procedures IESG-MailingList Internet of Things Operations and Management Area IESG-Technical Applications and Real-Time Area General Area IESG-Meetings Security Area (sec) You have filtered by IESG Statements IETF News Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings 11 Jan 2016 This statement provides IESG guidance on interim IETF working group meetings, both face-to-face and virtual. Historically the work of the IETF has been conducted over mailing lists. This practice ensures the widest possible involvement in the working group process. This practice allows more in-depth analysis of proposals than extended face-to-face meetings and is much more inclusive. In general IETF face-to-face meetings are used to hold high-bandwidth discussions on specific issues that have not been able to be resolved on a mailing list or, in the case of BOFs, to get a common understanding of the issues involved in a particular topic. These face-to-face meetings can be quite important but are not substitutes for mailing list discussions. There is a long history in the IETF of working groups occasionally holding "interim" face-to-face meetings between the regular IETF meetings to focus on specific issues or resolve specific problems. Interim face-to-face meetings can consume a lot of community resources, including travel costs and time of participants. When considering whether to approve an interim face-to-face meeting, area directors are expected to balance the costs to the community associated with interim meetings and the expected benefits. Also, there could be benefits when two or more working groups meet together. Interim face-to-face meetings which are proposed to eliminate the need for a working group to meet during a regular IETF meeting will not generally be approved. Working group chairs should propose interim face-to-face meeting logistics concerning location, timing, and remote participation to maximize meeting participation among WG participants. The Secretariat is available to help with logistics of face-to-face interim meetings. Of course, the larger the meeting, the more lead time is needed to make arrangements. Virtual interim meetings (conference calls and jabber sessions) are commonly used by working groups: some working groups organize bi-weekly, or even weekly virtual meetings. Those virtual interim meetings prove very useful and productive in accelerating the working group process. Virtual interim meetings are an integral part of the IETF way of working and are expected to become more commonplace over time. RFC 2418 section 3.1 tells us that "interim meetings are subject to the same rules for advance notification, reporting, open participation, and process, which apply to other Working Group meetings". This applies to all face-to-face meetings to which a large part of the working group is invited, even if labeled as 'informal' to distinguish them from 'real' working group meetings. This does not apply to meetings, conference calls, or jabber sessions for small design teams producing input to working groups. Virtual interim meetings have other rules that must be obeyed, as specified in this IESG statement. Extended sequences of virtual interim meetings should be considered when numerous specific issues need to be debated. Where working group chairs wish to schedule a sequence of more than four virtual interims, the chairs must explicitly set out the reasoning for that in a mail to the list and check that there is rough consensus for that plan. Such extended sequences also require AD approval. Occasionally working group chairs or ADs might help organize meetings to discuss vulnerabilities discovered in IETF protocols or implementations. Those are not WG meetings and hence not described here. The guidelines for interim meetings are as follows: For face-to-face interim meetings of IETF working groups: The meetings need prior approval of relevant AD(s). The meetings must be scheduled (location/timing) with fair access for all working group participants. The meetings must be announced at least four weeks before the meeting. The draft agenda must be published at least two weeks before meeting. Announcement text must be sent to iesg-secretary@ietf.org for IETF-wide announcement. Remote participation (via Meetecho or similar) should be provided Minutes, including a list of attendees, must be sent to the working group mailing list and, within 10 days of the event (and at least 48 hours before subsequent meeting), uploaded to the Interim Proceedings Tool <https://datatracker.ietf.org/secr/proceedings/interim/> or sent to proceedings@ietf.org. For virtual interim meetings of IETF working groups: The meetings are scheduled by the working group chairs, who should discuss their plans with the responsible AD(s). The meetings must be scheduled (timing) with fair access for all working group participants. The meetings must be announced and the draft agenda published at least one week (ideally two) before the call or session. Announcement text must be posted to the relevant working group mailing list(s). Recurring meetings (used only if much debate is expected), may be scheduled together, with a single announcement. A separate draft agenda, serving as a meeting reminder, should be posted before each recurrence. Minutes, including a list of attendees, must be sent to the working group mailing list within 10 days of the event (and at least 48 hours before subsequent meeting), and may optionally be uploaded to the Datatracker (https://datatracker.ietf.org/group/[wgacronym]/meetings, e.g. https://datatracker.ietf.org/group/dispatch/meetings/) or sent to proceedings@ietf.org. It should also be noted that as RFC 2418 section 3.2 points out, decisions at meetings (normal, interim. conference call, or jabber session) are not final and must be reviewed on the mailing list. Special care needs to be taken with this for topics or issues which have not been discussed on the mailing list or for outcomes that are significantly different from previously arrived mailing list consensus. Information on how to set up conference calls can be found on the WG Chairs page (http://www.ietf.org/wg/chairs-page.html). Note: This statement was originally published on 11 January 2016. It was edited 5 February 2016 and 11 January 2018. Bibliography [1] RFC 2418 IETF Working Group Guidelines and Procedures This document describes the guidelines and procedures for formation and operation of IETF working groups. This document specifies an Internet Best Current Practices for the Internet Community, and requests discussion and suggestions for improvements. Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings This statement provides IESG guidance on interim IETF working group meetings, both face-to-face and virtual. 11 Jan 2016 IESG Statement on Maximizing Encrypted Access To IETF Information The IETF has recognised that the act of accessing public information required for routine tasks can be privacy sensitive and can benefit from using a confidentiality service, such as is provided by TLS. [BCP188] Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Aug 2015 IESG Statement on Internet Draft Authorship The IESG has received some reports of IETF participants having been listed as document authors on drafts without their consent ("surprised authorship"). 11 Jun 2015 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic RFC 2026 defines a "Historic" status for documents: A specification that has been superseded by a more recent specification or is for any other reason considered to be obsolete is assigned to the "Historic" level. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Jul 2014 DISCUSS Criteria in IESG Review This document describes the role of the 'DISCUSS' position in the IESG review process. It gives some guidance on when a DISCUSS should and should not be issued. It also discusses procedures for DISCUSS resolution. Internet Engineering Steering Group 7 May 2014 Writable MIB Module IESG Statement The IESG is aware of discussions in the OPS area and in a number of working groups about the current practice for standards-based approaches to configuration. Internet Engineering Steering Group 2 Mar 2014 IETF Anti-Harassment Policy This IESG statement explains that the IETF strives to create and maintain an environment in which people of many different backgrounds are treated with dignity, decency, and respect. 3 Nov 2013 IESG Statement on Ethertypes The IEEE Registration Authority (IEEE RA) assigns Ethertypes with oversight from the IEEE Registration Authority Committee (IEEE RAC). Internet Engineering Steering Group 25 Oct 2012 IESG Statement on Removal of an Internet-Draft from the IETF Web Site Internet-Drafts (I-Ds) are working documents of the IETF. RFC 2026, BCP 9, describes the purpose of I-Ds, and it also provides some policies that govern the I-D Repository. Internet Engineering Steering Group 25 Oct 2012 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic" dated 20 July 2014. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Oct 2011 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic" dated 20 July 2014. Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Jun 2011 IESG Statement on IESG Processing of RFC Errata concerning RFC Metadata This IESG statement describes the manner in which the IESG will process RFC Errata concerning RFC Metadata [RFC5741]. Internet Engineering Steering Group 13 Jun 2011 IESG Statement on Document Shepherds This statement provides guidance from the IESG on selection of a Document Shepherd for documents from IETF working groups and documents from individuals. Internet Engineering Steering Group 11 Oct 2010 IESG Statement on the Usage of Assignable Codepoints, Addresses and Names in Specification Examples Protocol specifications and other documents intended for RFC publication often include useful examples with correctly formatted and syntactically valid codepoints, addresses or names. Internet Engineering Steering Group 24 May 2010 IESG Statement on NomCom Eligibility and Day Passes RFC 3777 requires that voting members of the nominating committee (NomCom) be selected from volunteers that have attended at least three of the last five IETF meetings. Internet Engineering Steering Group 24 May 2010 IESG Statement on Copyright This IESG Statement obsoletes all earlier IESG Statements regarding Copyright statements in MIB and PIB Modules. Internet Engineering Steering Group 8 Sep 2009 Proposed Status for IETF Documents Reserving Resources for Example Purposes This IESG Statement deals with the proposed status for IETF documents reserving values, numbers, addresses, etc. for example purposes. In this statement we use the term 'resources' for these values, numbers, addresses, etc. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Jan 2009 Guidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings" dated 11 January 2016. Internet Engineering Steering Group 2 Sep 2008 IESG Processing of RFC Errata for the IETF Stream The [below] describes the manner in which the IESG will be processing RFC Errata for the IETF Stream. The current tools on the RFC Editor site support "approved" and "rejected", but they need to be updated to also permit "hold for document update" as errata states. Internet Engineering Steering Group 30 Jul 2008 IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists The following principles apply to spam control on IETF mailing lists: Internet Engineering Steering Group 14 Apr 2008 IESG Statement on Registration Requests for URIs Containing Telephone Numbers RFC4395: Guidelines and Registration Procedures for New URI Schemes Internet Engineering Steering Group 3 Mar 2008 IESG Statement on RFC3406 and URN Namespaces Registry Review RFC 3406: URN Namespace Definitions Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Feb 2008 Advice for WG Chairs Dealing with Off-Topic Postings Managing off-topic postings to IETF Working Group (WG) mail lists is challenging. Internet Engineering Steering Group 23 Jan 2008 On Appeals of IESG and Area Director Actions and Decisions The IESG re-affirms that its reading of RFC 2026 is that any action made by an Area Director or the IESG may be made the subject of the conflict resolution mechanisms set out in Section 6.5 of RFC 2026. Internet Engineering Steering Group 4 Oct 2007 Experimental Specification of New Congestion Control Algorithms This document describes the process that the IETF transport area directors employ when new congestion control algorithms that differ significantly from currently-published IETF standards are brought to the IETF for specification and publication as Experimental RFCs. Internet Engineering Steering Group 5 Jul 2007 Guidance on Area Director Sponsoring of Documents This statement discusses the process related to "individual submissions", publication of RFCs by finding a sponsoring Area Director to take it through IETF and Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) review. This statement covers both the the processing in the IESG as well as guidance on when such sponsoring is appropriate. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Mar 2007 Last Call Guidance to the Community Under RFC 2026, the IESG issues Last Calls to the IETF community for all draft Standards Track and BCP documents, and for selected draft Informational and Experimental documents. Internet Engineering Steering Group 15 Jan 2007 IESG Statement: Normative and Informative References Nearly all RFCs contain citations to other documents, and these are listed in a References section near the end of the RFC. Internet Engineering Steering Group 19 Apr 2006 IESG Statement on Disruptive Posting The IESG today makes the following statement, but will welcome community feedback on it. Internet Engineering Steering Group 17 Feb 2006 Guidance for Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists" dated 14 April 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 9 Jan 2006 IESG Statement on AUTH48 State The IESG has decided that as of now, any IESG-approved drafts that enter the AUTH48 state, where the RFC Editor waits for final text approval from all listed authors, may be released on the responsible AD's authority if any authors have not responded after a reasonable time, typically two weeks. Internet Engineering Steering Group 5 Jan 2006 Syntax for Format Definitions The IESG does not prescribe the use of any single syntax for format definitions. Internet Engineering Steering Group 12 May 2005 IESG Statement on IDN IDNA [IDNA] specifies an encoding of characters in the Unicode character repertoire [UNICODE] which is backwards-compatible with the current definition of hostnames. Internet Engineering Steering Group 11 Feb 2003 Copyright Statement in MIB and PIB Modules NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Copyright" dated 8 September 2009. Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Nov 2002 Guidance for Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists" dated 14 April 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 13 Mar 2002 On Design Teams Design teams are mentioned in The Working Group Guidelines RFC (RFC 2418) as follows: Internet Engineering Steering Group 21 Dec 2001 Guidelines for the Use of Formal Languages in IETF Specifications This temporary guideline has been prepared by the IESG in response to a specific case; it is intended that it be put into an internet-draft and progressed as an IETF consensus position. Internet Engineering Steering Group 1 Oct 2001 Establishment of Temporary Sub-IP Area NOTE: This statement formed the Sub-IP Area, and this Area has subsequently been closed Internet Engineering Steering Group 21 Mar 2001 Plans to Organize "Sub-IP" Technologies in the IETF Two weeks ago I sent a message informing the community of some plans to improve the organization of some significant work going on in the IETF on "sub-ip" technologies. Internet Engineering Steering Group 6 Dec 2000 A New IETF Work Area Traditionally the IETF has focused its efforts "above the wire and below the application." Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Nov 2000 Guidance on Interim IETF Working Group Meetings and Conference Calls NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "Guidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions" dated 2 September 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 29 Aug 2000 IESG Guidance on the Moderation of IETF Working Group Mailing Lists In some cases, it is necessary and appropriate to moderate IETF mailing lists. 1 Aug 2000 Previous30 Years of Engineering the Internet NextYear 2015 and Beyond Previous30 Years of Engineering the Internet NextYear 2015 and Beyond RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback