IETF | IETF 94 Bits-N-Bites


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 94 Yokohama Bits-N-Bites Join us for Bits-n-Bites at IETF 94! In this section Hide in this section IETF 94 Yokohama Key Info Participants Demonstration Description Fujitsu will demonstrate wireless communication modules for energy-efficient mesh networks. The modules enable to provide scalable, flexible, and zeroconf IoT services. The demo will show how they provide a reliable network with dynamic topology by Depth-First Forwarding protocol.In SUPA framework, the operators use predefined policy models to define policy. And then this policy will be executed or translated into configurations changes. So this demo try to show how this policy translator or policy engine works. We will perform the technical display including the Internet backbone of IIJ. JPRS, as the registry of .jp, has taken the initiative in implementing/deploying DNS-related Internet Standards developed by IETF, including IPv6, Internationalized Domain Names (IDN), IP Anycast, and DNSSEC. JPRS will exhibit the implementation / deployment history of the Internet Standards in .jp. We will demonstrate a home gateway with IPv6 support. The gateway implements DS-Lite[RFC6333], MAP E[RFC7597], and 464XLAT [RFC6877] and enables global operators to expand their IPv6 Internet service. As one of the NEC group companies, NEC Platforms, Ltd. is developing and manufacturing Wi-Fi routers, as well as home gateways for network operators all over the world. Hybridcast is the world’s first adoptation of HTML5 in integrating broadcast and broadband TV, which is already widely deployed by the public and commercial broadcasting services in Japan. Some manufacturers started selling TV sets supporting Hybridcast, and NHK launched Hybridcast services in 2013. More than two million TV sets were now sold in Japan, and NHK and four commercial broadcasters provide Hybridcast services. We show the demonstration with actual on-air program and synchronization between broadcasting contents and network contents.As .IN registry NIXI, has taken the initiative to implement DNS-related Internet Standards developed by IETF, including DNSSEC. In order to increase the reach of internet to rural parts of India, NIXI has implemented .BHARAT (.भारत) Internationalized domain names (IDNs) in fifteen constitutionally recognized Indian languages namely Hindi, Dogri, Konkani, Maithili, Marathi, Nepali, Bodo, Sindhi, Gujarati, Bengali, Manipuri, Tamil, Telugu, Punjabi, and Urdu. NIXI will make a presentation on various aspects of implementation along with IICB program in INDIA (Indian IETF Capacity Building Program).Software Defined Media (SDM) consortium demonstrates interactive, object-oriented 3-dimentional audio as a service. The user can handle audio objects that have the location in 3D space and hear the sound interactively from the direction of the location, thanks to real-time rendering. A SDM application can exchange 3D audio objects among the other SDM applications in IP networks. We plan a Hackathon using the SDM platform in December. IETF 94 Attendee List Get great tips about the meeting and participate in the ongoing conversation among IETF 87 participants Subscribe here RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback