IETF | FAQ - Germany VAT for IETF 96


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 96 Berlin FAQ - Germany VAT for IETF 96 VAT Information for IETF96 In this section Hide in this section IETF 96 Berlin Key Info 1. Why am I paying a VAT on the Meeting Registration Fee? You are paying a Value Added Tax (VAT) on the registration fee because it is required by the laws and regulations of the EU and its member states. They establish that VAT must be paid on the fees in the country where the meeting is held. For this meeting, the German VAT 19% will be added to the Registration Fee announced by IETF. 2. Can the VAT be recovered? Possibly. Only business companies from the European Union and from these Non-European countries can claim back the German VAT. To recover the VAT you must provide the details of your company - name, address, VAT number or Tax ID - for all expense invoices and submit all original documentation to your company for its processing. This includes such things as Registration, Lodging and Food invoices. 3. What process should companies follow to recover the VAT? a. EU Companies EU companies must contact the Tax Administration of their own country for instructions regarding the conditions and process to follow for reclaiming the German VAT. There are also minimum VAT amounts that must be met. For the refund applications for one to three quarters by an EU company the minimum amount is EUR 400. If the refund application relates to a refund period of a calendar year or the remainder of a calendar year, the amount of VAT may not be less than EUR 50. Please note that these amounts refer to ALL the VAT from the expenses incurred FROM ALL ITS EMPLOYEES in Germany for this meeting and any other business-related VAT incurred in Germany. b. Non-European Companies For a non-European company, the company should look at "Instructions for completing the application for refund of turnover tax" located here. You can find here the form that must be completed and presented with the application. The Non-European companies must send the VAT refund application directly to the German Federal Central Tax Office and make sure their application is received at the latest by 30 June 2017. There are also minimum VAT amounts that must be met. The VAT refund must be at least EUR 1,000, unless the refund period is the calendar year or the last period of the calendar year. The refund for these refund periods must be at least EUR 500. Please note that these amounts refer to ALL the VAT from the expenses incurred FROM ALL ITS EMPLOYEES in Germany for this meeting and any other business-related VAT incurred in Germany. Pay attention, as of 1 July 2016, the Non-European companies must follow a new process for VAT refund click here. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback