IETF | IETF 100 Meeting Mailing Lists


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 100 Singapore Mailing lists Each IETF meeting has an attendee discussion list where attendees can connect with each other regarding issues related to the meeting. In this section Hide in this section IETF 100 Singapore Meeting Venue and Hotels Remote Participation Newcomers IETF 100 Social Event Mailing lists Key Info Meeting Discussion Lists Each IETF meeting has an attendee discussion list where attendees can connect with each other regarding issues related to the meeting. Attendees are given the opportunity to subscribe to this mailing list when they register for the meeting. To subscribe to the current meeting discussion list or view the list archives, please visit the following links: 100attendees Subscription 100attendees email archive IETF Social Email Lists IETF Runners Mailing List Discussion list for finding good routes around IETF meeting venues for running, and for sharing running-related experiences with IETF participants. A social list, open to all. To subscribe to the IETF runners mailing list or view the list archives, please visit the following links: ietf-runners (Subscription) ietf-runners email archive IETF Travel Companions A mailing list has been set up for companions of IETF attendees. This mailing list can be used to get in contact with other companions traveling to an IETF meeting in order to organize day trips, lunch, dinner or simply just get together while at an IETF meeting. To subscribe to the travel companions mailing list or view the list archives, please visit the following links: 100companions (Subscription) 100companions email archive IETF Food Mailing List This list is for IETF participants that have either medical, religious or ethical dietary requirements (e.g., celiac/gluten intolerance, Kosher, Halal, vegetarian/vegan, food allergies, diabetes, other special diets, etc.) - i.e., folks that can NOT subsist on cookies, beer, donut/pastries and sandwiches. The list is intended to provide a forum for discussion so that we can understand one another's requirements and plan ahead for IETF meetings by both preparing ourselves and the meeting planners. To subscribe to the IETF Food mailing list or view the list archives, please visit the following links: ietf-food (Subscription) ietf-food email archive (Only available to list members) Contact the Secretariat for Meeting Issues To contact the Secretariat in order to resolve meeting issues that require the involvement of the Secretariat or IAD, please send a message to mtd@ietf.org. This will have a much quicker response time than a message to the attendees list. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback