IETF | IETF 97 Local Letters of Invitation


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 97 Seoul IETF 97 - Local Letters of Invitation Seoul, South Korea November 13-18, 2016 In this section Hide in this section IETF 97 Seoul Key Info In depth Key Info After you complete the registration process, you may request an electronic IETF letter and local letter of invitation. You may request one at a later time by following the link provided in the confirmation email. Please note that hard copy local letters of invitation for inclusion with Visa applications require a notary fee of $20 USD and a courier charge of up to $50 USD. Please note the following: Citizens of many countries may not need a visa to enter South Korea. More information on Korean visa application may be found here: http://www.mofa.go.kr/ENG/visa/application/index.jsp?menu=m_40_10 For those who need a Visa, the applicant is advised to first consult the Korean Consulate or Embassy in his/her country whether the LOI should be notarised. If you require a notarized Letter of Invitation, please complete the form linked through your registration confirmation email. There is a $20 USD fee for each notarized letter and an additional $50 USD fee if you require the letter to be expedited. Your request is processed immediately upon payment. Letters sent via regular mail are typically received in 10-20 days of request. Expedited letters are typically received in 3-4 days from request. Please plan accordingly. In depth After you complete the registration process, you may request an electronic IETF letter and local letter of invitation. You may request one at a later time by following the link provided in the confirmation email. Please note that hard copy local letters of invitation for inclusion with Visa applications require a notary fee of $20 USD and a courier charge of up to $50 USD. Please note the following: Citizens of many countries may not need a visa to enter South Korea. More information on Korean visa application may be found here: http://www.mofa.go.kr/ENG/visa/application/index.jsp?menu=m_40_10 For those who need a Visa, the applicant is advised to first consult the Korean Consulate or Embassy in his/her country whether the LOI should be notarised. If you require a notarized Letter of Invitation, please complete the form linked through your registration confirmation email. There is a $20 USD fee for each notarized letter and an additional $50 USD fee if you require the letter to be expedited. Your request is processed immediately upon payment. Letters sent via regular mail are typically received in 10-20 days of request. Expedited letters are typically received in 3-4 days from request. Please plan accordingly. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback