IETF | Info for chairing WG & BOF sessions


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Working Group chair resources Info for chairing WG & BOF sessions This page provides a guide to chairing IETF Working Group or Birds-of-a-Feather sessions. In this section Hide in this section Working Group chair resources Updating working group milestones Info for chairing WG & BOF sessions Datatracker Sandbox WebEx for Working Groups Document Writeup Styles Formatting and Content of IETF Working Group Agendas and Minutes Meeting Materials Requesting sessions Key Info Note Well The Note Well text is available online and in the front pages of the IETF meeting packet (PDF) available on the meeting web site. Working Group/BOF Rosters ("Blue Sheets") Please remember to circulate the blue sheets for your session. If they are not already on the clipboards, the blue sheets can be found in the translucent colored folders at the head table. Please do not remove these folders from the room; they contain the blue sheets for sessions that will be held in this room after your group. At the end of your session, please turn the blue sheets in to the Secretariat at the registration desk. After registration closes on Friday, please turn in blue sheets to the Secretariat office. (The location of the Secretariat office will be posted at the registration desk on Friday.) Please DO NOT remove the clipboards from the meeting room. They will be needed in the session that has the room after your group. Audio/Visual and Meeting Room Issues If you are having issues with the A/V equipment in your meeting room, or are having a problem with the environment in your meeting room (e.g. noise, temperature), please send a trouble ticket to mtd@ietf.org. Please be as specific as possible in your message, and remember to include the room name. Network/Connectivity Issues If you are having trouble connecting to the IETF network, please send a trouble ticket to noc@ietf.org or visit the Help Desk in the Terminal Room. Please be as specific as possible in your message. If you are unable to send email, please visit the Help Desk in the Terminal Room. Presentation Slides Please encourage all presenters to upload meeting slides prior to the meeting. For those that you do not receive prior to the meeting, please take a few minutes to upload them at the very start of the meeting. This is particularly helpful to remote participants, since while they can follow discussion via the jabber room and audio stream, they cannot view meeting slides unless those slides have been uploaded. Jabber At the start of the meeting, please ask if someone in the room is willing to act as "scribe" for the jabber room. The scribe should then join the conference room, and type a running commentary as to what's going on in the room (e.g. if a speaker makes a presentation, the scribe types the URL for the presentation into the jabber room). During question time, a remote participant can type a question into the room and the scribe will pass it on to the speaker. Audio Streaming The audio streaming can only pick up sound from directly around the microphone, so it is important both that you speak directly into the microphone and also that you remind any meeting participants that they must come up to the microphone if they want to speak. Preparing for Proceedings The deadline to submit all materials is posted on the Important Dates page. Please use the IETF Meeting Materials Management Tool to submit your materials. Minutes may be submitted in plain text (strict ASCII or in UTF-8) or in simple HTML with no style sheets. Minutes submitted with style sheets will be converted to plain text. Submission of Minutes is mandatory. Presentation slides may be submitted in any of the following formats: PDF Adobe Portable Document Format (Acrobat 3 – XP) PPT MS PowerPoint (v 95 – XP) We will convert all PPT and DOC into PDF and HTML Submission of Presentation Slides is strongly encouraged. When submitting multiple presentations, please indicate the order that the presentations should appear in the proceedings. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback