IETF | IETF 95 Newcomer's Page


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 95 Buenos Aires IETF 95 Newcomer's Page Welcome to the IETF in Buenos Aires! There are a number of events designed to introduce and integrate IETF newcomers to the community. Dive in and have fun! IETF 95 Newcomers Home About the IETF Mission Standards Process Note Well NomCom Blog Info for Newcomers Internet-Drafts Datatracker Search Submit RFC Pages Search RFC Ed Index RFC Editor Queue IANA Pages Protocol Parameters IANA Transition Working Groups WG Charters Email Lists WG Chairs' Page Resources Community Tools Tools Team Pages Edu Team Pages Mentoring Program Tutorials Wikis Meetings Upcoming Meetings Past Meetings Interim Meetings Important Dates Proceedings Mailing Lists Announcement Lists Discussion Lists Non-WG Lists IESG Announcements Statements Members Minutes IPR IPR Policy File a Disclosure Disclosure Search Liaisons Liaison Statements Liaison Managers Contact IETF Secretariat Media Subpoenas Report Web Site Errors Customize View Brief Normal Extended Advanced (Requires Javascript) Day Event Time Location Sunday Newcomers’ Orientation This tutorial is an introduction to the IETF's history, purpose, and processes. 13:00-14:50 Buen Ayre A Sunday Newcomers' Orientation in Spanish This tutorial is an introduction to the IETF's history, purpose, and processes presented in Spanish. 13:00-14:50 Buen Ayre B Sunday Newcomers' Meet and Greet This event is designed to introduce IETF newcomers to working group chairs, the IESG, and each other. 16:00-17:00 Terrace 7th Floor Monday Newcomers' Dinner Organized by Secretariat, please email Naveen Khan at nkhan@amsl.com to RSVP no later than 14:00 the day of. 20:00 Meet at IETF Registration IETF 95 Meeting Agenda The agenda is dynamic and changes throughout the week. The most current version can be found online at https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/95/agenda.html. A marked up version is also on the bulletin board near registration. Many people also view the agenda on their smartphone; IETF meeting agendas are available for iPhone and Android. iPhone agenda app: http://www.itunes.com/app/ietfers Android agenda app: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dalmasso.ietfsched IETF Mentoring Program The IETF Mentoring Program matches experienced IETF participants with newcomers (people who have participated in three or fewer face-to-face meetings or anyone registering as a student) in order to aid their integration into the IETF community through advice, help, and collected wisdom. For more information and to sign up to be a participant in the program, please visit: http://www.ietf.org/resources/mentoring-program.html IETF Badges Many of the IETF attendees will have colored dots on their badges showing that they are part of one of the groups below. Explanations of the dots and an IETF intro can be found in the Tao of the IETF, A Novice's Guide to the Internet Engineering Task Force at: http://www.ietf.org/tao.html EDU Team The IETF EDU team has a variety of resources and tutorials available online for newcomers. These tutorials focus on IETF processes as well as technical topics. Finding Documents Online Internet-Drafts and RFCs can be found online using the Datatracker. You can search on title, author or other criteria. https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/ Other presentation materials, such as meeting slides that are presented in working sessions, can be found (usually but not always in advance of the session) here: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/95/materials.html Home - Tools Team - Datatracker - Web Site Usage Stats - IASA - IAB - RFC Editor - IANA - IRTF - IETF Trust - ISOC - IETF Journal - Store - Contact Us - Report a Copyright Infringement Secretariat services provided by Association Management Solutions, LLC (AMS). Please send problem reports to: ietf-action@ietf.org. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback