IETF | IETF Datatracker sandbox


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Working Group chair resources Datatracker Sandbox This test instance of the IETF Datatracker is for use in training sessions during and potentially between meetings. In this section Hide in this section Working Group chair resources Updating working group milestones Info for chairing WG & BOF sessions Datatracker Sandbox WebEx for Working Groups Document Writeup Styles Formatting and Content of IETF Working Group Agendas and Minutes Meeting Materials Requesting sessions Key Info This test instance of the IETF Datatracker is for use in training sessions during and potentially between meetings. This is a great way to experiment with various features of the IETF Datatracker and get more familiar with its capabilities, without actually making any changes to the production system. It is kept in sync with the current datatracker release. The database is resynchronized daily (that means any changes you make will be overwritten by a copy of the production database within a day) You can login with any valid username (log in as users with different roles to see how the views change by role). All account passwords have been set to 'password'. It is safe to perform any action, the production database will not be affected. It is even safe to perform actions that would send mail in the production system. Any mail that this instance sends is wrapped in a container and sent to the sandbox-mailouput@ietf.org mailing list. It is _not_ sent to the original target addresses. You can find this test instance at http://sandbox.ietf.org. You can inspect any mail this instance sends by looking at https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/search/?email_list=sandbox-mailoutput. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback