IETF | Internet of things


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Topics of interest The Internet of Things The Internet of Things is the network of physical objects or "things" embedded with electronics, software, sensors, and connectivity to enable objects to exchange data with the manufacturer, operator and/or other connected devices. The Internet of Things (IoT) refers to devices, that are often constrained in communication and computation capabilities, now becoming more commonly connected to the Internet, and to various services that are built on top of the capabilities these devices jointly provide. It is expected that this development will usher in more machine-to-machine communication using the Internet with no human user actively involved. IoT is a very rapidly growing area of technology and connects with number of other emerging technologies. Several IETF working groups, spanning multiple Areas are developing protocols that are directly relevant to the IoT. These protocols are used by a variety of companies, as well as IoT standards organizations and alliances, to build and specify interoperable systems. Due to the distributed nature of IoT protocol development and use, there is often need for coordination across different groups working on IoT. The IETF IoT Directorate is an advisory group of experts selected by the IETF Area directors and the IoT Directorate Chairs. The main purpose of the IoT Directorate is coordination within IETF on IoT-related work and increasing the visibility of IETF IoT standards visibility to other standards development organizations (SDOs), industry alliances, and other organizations. A recent article in the IETF Journal provides an overview of IoT-related work underway within the IETF. In this section Hide in this section Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback