IETF | IETF 94 Guest Day


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 94 Yokohama Guest Day Join the Internet's Leading Engineers in Yokohama! Experience first hand the Internet standards process and meet the world's leading Internet engineers, developers and researchers. We expect 1,200 attendees from more than 60 countries. In this section Hide in this section IETF 94 Yokohama Key Info IETF 94 - Guest Day To: University Professors, Students and Local Internet Society Chapter Members The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) will convene November 1 - 6 for IETF 94 at the Pacifico Yokohama and you are invited! The IETF is the premiere international open-standards community and is responsible for many of the Internet's most important standards, including TCP/IP, e-mail, instant messaging, VoIP, 3G and IPv6. Its work is concerned with the evolution of the Internet's architecture and its smooth operation. To learn more see: https://www.ietf.org/newcomers.html The IETF is unique from other standards groups in that it is a volunteer organization, lead by individuals, not governments or corporations. The IETF's processes are open to all and decisions are made on the basis of "rough consensus and running code." If you are doing research in networking or communications, this is one event you don't want to miss. The IETF meets three times a year face-to-face to progress its work of Internet Standards development for the betterment of the Internet and people worldwide. Tuesday, November 3 is IETF 94 Guest Day when students, instructors and members of Internet Society Chapters can receive a complimentary one-day Guest Pass to the IETF 94 Meeting. Guests shall check in at the Registration Table for their name tags and meeting schedules. Guests have an opportunity to attend some of the 30 plus Working Group sessions being held that day. The Agenda is available here - https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/94/agenda.html Note: You may also attend Newcomer Training that is scheduled for Sunday 1 November at the Pacifico Yokohama beginning at 1:00 PM. See: https://www.ietf.org/meeting/94/tutorials.html Interested local ISOC Chapter members, Students and Instructors must: 1. Register online at <http://www.ietf.org/meeting/register.html> but do not pay. 2. Send an email to iad at ietf.org, subject: Guest Pass, indicating an ISOC Chapter member, student or instructor, provide Registration ID and request a one-day Guest Pass. 3. Pick up a Guest Pass on Sunday or Tuesday. The IETF welcomes your interest in its work and looks forward to the day when you will participate in this volunteer endeavor. IETF 94 Attendee List Get great tips about the meeting and participate in the ongoing conversation among IETF 87 participants Subscribe here RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback