IETF | Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources How we work Meetings and events Past Meetings IETF 95 Buenos Aires Thursday Lunch Host Speaker Series Buenos Aires, April 3-8 2016 In this section Hide in this section IETF 95 Buenos Aires Key Info Talk Abstract As the IETF takes place for the first time in South America we take the opportunity to reflect on the challenges that the developing parts of the world face in terms of Internet deployment and the use and appropriation of different technologies. Not all the working assumptions underlying new protocol and technology development that are true in the developed world can be applied in the same way in other regions. In this talk we will give a brief overview of some of these challenges, illustrate ongoing work that the IETF is undertaking in this regard and share some relevant experiences from the region with the audience. Logistics: Room: Pacifico A Thursday, April 7, 2016 Time: 13:00 – 13:45 Lunch will NOT be provided. Presenter: Mr. Oscar Robles, LACNIC CEO Mr. Oscar Robles is the CEO of LACNIC, the Latin American and Caribbean Internet Addresses Registry, an international non-government organization established in Uruguay for the administration of Internet Numbering Resources. From 1995 to 2015, he worked for NIC Mexico, organization in charge of the internet domain name .MX. He is a co-founder of LACTLD, the Latin America and Caribbean Country Code Top-Level Domain Organization, which groups the ccTLDs from the region. He is also co-founder of LACNIC and one of the .LAT promoters. Robles has been working on Domain Names and IP addresses matters since 1995. He has actively participated in the creation of ICANN, the organization who oversight the Global Domain Name System. Mr. Robles holds a Bachelor degree in Computer Systems Engineering, and a Masters degree in Information Technologies Management, from Monterrey Institute of Technology. IETF 95 Attendee List Get great tips about the meeting and participate in the ongoing conversation among IETF 87 participants Subscribe here RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback